6 	 actually it turns out that one thing , one little bit in what I was doing , %uh , is going to turn out to be very important in the end . %uh , from what I had been reading in the literature . 	 turn 	 very important 	 ARG2 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 How is one thing going to turn out? 	 yes 	 to be very important in the end 	 None
49 	 and it 'll look good on me , you know like fit me , Sure . which is necessary at the moment because I 'm plump 	 is 	 because I 'm 	 ARGM-CAU 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 Why is it necessary at the moment? 	 yes 	 because I 'm plump 	 None
166 	 well it seemed to make sense since I had a client to just kind of set up my own company , of sorts . 	 seemed 	 since I had a client to just kind of set up my own company , of sorts 	 ARGM-CAU 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 Why did it seem to make sense? 	 yes 	 since I had a client to just kind of set up my own company, of sorts 	 None
288 	 I said mom it is when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you . 	 is 	 when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you 	 ARG2 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 What is it? 	 yes 	 when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah 	 None
297 	 I think what we got to do is just when he comes just have lots of cereal . 	 comes 	 just when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 When should someone just have lots of cereal? 	 yes 	 when he comes 	 None
301 	 and the black 's not going to be so hot you know 	 be 	 so hot you know 	 ARG2 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 What is the black not going to be? 	 yes 	 so hot 	 None
327 	 I said %um please come to Shabbat 	 said 	 %um please come to 	 ARG1 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 What did I say? 	 yes 	 %um please come to Shabbat 	 None
380 	 It develops because of irritation , because of a %um , inflammation . 	 develops 	 because of irritation 	 ARGM-CAU 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 Why does it develop? 	 yes 	 because of irritation , because of a %um , inflammation 	 None
467 	 %uh would you mind %uh taking her back 	 mind 	 %uh taking her back 	 ARG1 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 What would you mind? 	 yes 	 taking her back 	 None
499 	 And she was just really concerned about you know everything . mhm you know . What the possibilities of like 	 was 	 just really concerned about you know everything . mhm you know . What the possibilities of like 	 ARG2 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 How was she? 	 yes 	 just really concerned 	 None
502 	 %uh but it 's a lot less expensive if we do it that way than if we actually make my parents in law pay it , 	 's 	 if we do it that way than if we actually make my parents in law pay it 	 ARGM-ADV 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 When is it a lot less expensive? 	 yes 	 if we do it that way 	 None
507 	 and I think %uh %uh it 's not Frau 	 think 	 %uh %uh it 's not Frau 	 ARG1 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 What does someone think? 	 yes 	 it 's not Frau 	 None
548 	 So uh-huh . I think %um tonight Charlie and I are going to go over and join up . 	 think 	 Charlie and I are going to go over and join up 	 ARG1 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 What do I think? 	 yes 	 %um tonight Charlie and I are going to go over and join up 	 None
616 	 I said you know it 's a shame that you ca n't go no place and I can get a good report on you you know , %um , and by her going to Francis and things , and Francis seeing for herself , 	 's 	 that you ca n't go no place 	 ARG1 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 What is a shame according to the speaker? 	 yes 	 that you can't go no place and I can get a good report on you 	 None
762 	 bring me back active duty and pay me for the day if they 're going to drag me off somewhere . 	 bring 	 back 	 ARG3 	 boundary_error 	 yes 	 Where did they want to bring me? 	 yes 	 active duty 	 None
