1 	 Now she had a job with an architectural group when she first got out to New York , 	 got 	 to New York 	 ARG4 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Where did she first get out to? 	 yes 	 New York 	 None
7 	 if you 're in another country I mean and you 're not planning on coming back to the U S what are they going to do even if you do n't . 	 coming 	 back 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Where were they not planning on coming? 	 yes 	 back to the U S 	 None
36 	 and they 'll still be enough time when I come home for me to order those . 	 be 	 enough time when I come home for me to order those 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What will there still be? 	 yes 	 enough time 	 None
41 	 like mom said she said even if it was going to be in September , she said the little things I can tolerate you know if that happens you know . 	 said 	 like mom said she said even if it was going to be in September 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What did she say? 	 yes 	 the little things I can tolerate you know if that happens you know 	 None
58 	 and then she came over here , and %um , checked out a room here . 	 checked 	 %um 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Who checked out a room here? 	 yes 	 she 	 None
63 	 But , %um Anyway , I had been kind of telling him that , you know , from my reading of the literature , I thought that this one little alteration I had made in my model was kind of clever and unique . 	 thought 	 you know , from my reading of the literature 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 How did the speaker think the alteration was clever and unique? 	 yes 	 from my reading of the literature 	 None
77 	 and yeah . %uh , it 's the fact that I would be writing a letter that is the impressive part of it all . 	 's 	 yeah 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What is the fact? 	 yes 	 that I would be writing a letter 	 None
121 	 And so %uh , that 's yeah at least dealt with . 	 's 	 %uh 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What deals with something? 	 yes 	 that 	 None
128 	 which , %um , is kind of interesting considering that that 's not really my thing . . Indeed . Indeed . being an experimentalist , not a theorist . 	 is 	 %um 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What is kind of interesting? 	 yes 	 which 	 None
140 	 I think what we got to do is just when he comes just have lots of cereal . 	 got 	 what 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What do we have to do? 	 yes 	 just when he comes just have lots of cereal 	 None
167 	 you know even after you left I said , I just hope Arlita knows that you know I tried my best you know 	 left 	 I 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Who left? 	 yes 	 you 	 None
185 	 Somehow I had this feeling that the military taste had been beaten out of you . 	 beaten 	 out 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Where had the military taste been beaten from you? 	 yes 	 out of you 	 None
189 	 if that was you , yeah . yeah , she was just not in 	 was 	 not 	 ARGM-NEG 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Who was not in? 	 yes 	 she 	 None
197 	 you know even after you left I said , I just hope Arlita knows that you know I tried my best you know 	 know 	 Arlita 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Who knows that I tried my best? 	 yes 	 you 	 None
202 	 And , %uh , what happened was after I had turned in my thesis but before I saw Neil again , he went to a conference in Rochester and there this was a big issue among the people who were doing this work , was , that their models could n't show this as a driven frequency , 	 was 	 a big issue among the people who were doing this work 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What was a big issue among the people who were doing this work? 	 yes 	 that their models couldn't show this as a driven frequency 	 None
206 	 I mean , you know , writing a couple of articles based on your Master 's thesis , is , not at all unusual in Physics 	 know 	 I 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Who knows that writing a couple of articles based on your Master's thesis, is, not at all unusual in Physics? 	 yes 	 you 	 None
228 	 and is she seem like she 's together enough ? 	 is 	 like she 's together enough 	 C-ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 How does she seem? 	 yes 	 together enough 	 None
229 	 okay that 's a great idea . 	 's 	 okay 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What is a great idea? 	 yes 	 that 	 None
236 	 apparently like at Lisa Manachi 's wedding like the whole night people were talking about how bad the black dresses were . 	 talking 	 like the whole night 	 ARGM-MNR 	 redundant 	 yes 	 When were people talking about how bad the black dresses were? 	 yes 	 at Lisa Manachi 's wedding like the whole night 	 None
282 	 If you want to go %uh off into the countryside somewhere and see a little bit of , echte Holland , real Holland and we can do that too . 	 go 	 into the countryside somewhere 	 ARG4 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Where would you want to go? 	 yes 	 off into the countryside somewhere 	 None
296 	 but it 's like three times the money as with everything else 	 's 	 as with everything else 	 ARGM-PRD 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What is it like three times the money as? 	 yes 	 with everything else 	 None
307 	 I think Optics Letters is probably the one that we 're shooting for , or else , perhaps , though I do n't think it 's quite that significant , would be Phys Rev Letters . 	 shooting 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What are they shooting for? 	 yes 	 Optics Letters 	 None
318 	 %um , and it got back to about eighty percent . 	 got 	 to about eighty percent 	 ARG4 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What did it get back to? 	 yes 	 about eighty percent 	 None
335 	 Which was actually where the major problem came . Exactly . Exactly . yeah . Is that I suddenly had no transportation . 	 Is 	 where the major problem came 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What is the major problem? 	 yes 	 I suddenly had no transportation 	 None
341 	 and remember that if you dial in Holland you need to add a zero 	 dial 	 Holland 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Where do you dial? 	 yes 	 in Holland 	 None
351 	 Do they do that to everyone ? 	 Do 	 to everyone 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 yes 	 To whom do they do that? 	 yes 	 everyone 	 None
364 	 And so %uh , that 's yeah at least dealt with . 	 's 	 so 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What is yeah at least dealt with? 	 yes 	 that 	 None
386 	 I mean most women you lose your baby that 's it . 	 mean 	 most women you lose your baby 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 According to the speaker, who loses their baby and that's it? 	 yes 	 most women 	 None
391 	 So Cool . Cool . that 's mostly the sort of stuff that I 'm spending a lot of time on now . %um 	 spending 	 that 	 R-ARG2 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What is the speaker spending a lot of time on now? 	 yes 	 the sort of stuff 	 None
396 	 Spending a lot of time hunting for bikes , and nah well . then getting one purchased , and then having to , you know , go get it and things like that . 	 go 	 get it and things like that 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What does someone have to go do after getting one purchased? 	 yes 	 go get it 	 None
398 	 I think Optics Letters is probably the one that we 're shooting for , or else , perhaps , though I do n't think it 's quite that significant , would be Phys Rev Letters . 	 shooting 	 the one 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What are we shooting for? 	 yes 	 Optics Letters 	 None
439 	 You know that has always been very scary to me even after . 	 been 	 to me 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Who has that always been very scary to? 	 yes 	 me 	 None
462 	 %um and I 'll sit and talk with Anya about some things that maybe we think that it would be neat for you to see . 	 think 	 some things 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What do we think? 	 yes 	 that it would be neat for you to see 	 None
469 	 so if we get in the eighteenth or the nineteenth and then call you back %um when we get to a hotel or something like that . 	 call 	 if we get in the eighteenth or the nineteenth 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 When will we call you back? 	 yes 	 when we get to a hotel or something like that 	 None
474 	 %um , but Leo and Julie just seemed , %um sort of happy with the decisions they 've made . 	 seemed 	 %um sort of happy with the decisions they 've made 	 C-ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 How did Leo and Julie seem? 	 yes 	 sort of happy with the decisions they 've made 	 None
482 	 I think I had mentioned before %uh , that there 's a company now that I 'm working with %um , %uh , which is very much just myself and Guss . 	 working 	 a company 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 With whom am I working? 	 yes 	 Guss 	 None
509 	 Some amount that has to be deducted a certain amount 	 deducted 	 a certain amount 	 ARGM-EXT 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What has to be deducted? 	 yes 	 Some amount 	 None
512 	 There 's a pretty good sale . %mm . So now we have to keep our eyes open for a champagne sale . 	 keep 	 for a champagne sale 	 ARGM-PRP 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What do we have to keep our eyes open for? 	 yes 	 a champagne sale 	 None
514 	 And , %uh %huh the most worthwhile thing as far as monetary value went that they stole was the pre-amplifier of my stereo . Unfortunately , because it 's a nice pre-amplifier , 	 went 	 that they stole 	 ARGM-ADJ 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What went as far as monetary value was the pre-amplifier of the stereo? 	 yes 	 the most worthwhile thing as far as monetary value went that they stole 	 None
527 	 And , %uh , what happened was after I had turned in my thesis but before I saw Neil again , he went to a conference in Rochester and there this was a big issue among the people who were doing this work , was , that their models could n't show this as a driven frequency , 	 was 	 there 	 ARGM-LOC 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Where was a big issue among the people who were doing this work? 	 yes 	 a conference in Rochester 	 None
557 	 But we got to see Den Haag and places like that too which we 're obviously not going to see this time . 	 going 	 not 	 ARGM-NEG 	 redundant 	 yes 	 How are we going to see Den Haag and places like that this time? 	 yes 	 we're obviously not going to see this time 	 None
583 	 you know even after you left I said , I just hope Arlita knows that you know I tried my best you know 	 hope 	 even after you left I said 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What do you hope? 	 yes 	 Arlita knows that you know I tried my best 	 None
594 	 Told her that she could n't talk to Jasmine play with Jasmine because she said she hurt Jasmine 's Jetta you know 	 talk 	 play with Jasmine 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What couldn't she do to Jasmine? 	 yes 	 talk to Jasmine play with Jasmine 	 None
597 	 I mean of course I did n't say anything to her . 	 mean 	 I did n't say anything to her 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What did you mean? 	 yes 	 of course I did n't say anything to her 	 None
614 	 So now you think my wedding 's going to be pretty tasteful right ? 	 be 	 right 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 yes 	 How does the speaker think the wedding is going to be? 	 yes 	 pretty tasteful 	 None
642 	 and I 've said that yeah I will give a urine sample or a blood sample if they call me back for those , but they 're going to have to pay my trip back to the states . because there 's no bases in Holland and I 'm not going to pay out of my own expenses to go to Germany or something for them . 	 going 	 not 	 ARGM-NEG 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Who is not going to pay out of their own expenses to go to Germany or something for them? 	 yes 	 I 	 None
714 	 So , I assume it 's hard for you not to eat as much as he does . 	 does 	 he 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Who does not eat as much? 	 yes 	 you 	 None
726 	 But you know , I mean that mhm . should n't be a big deal . %um 	 know 	 I 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 yes 	 Who knows? 	 yes 	 you 	 None
767 	 And I was in the inactive reserves the entire time I was in college too . 	 was 	 too 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 yes 	 When was someone in the inactive reserves the entire time they were in college? 	 yes 	 the entire time I was in college 	 None
775 	 It 's probably easier for me to come by public transport in Amsterdam than it is for me to come by car to be honest . 	 come 	 to be honest 	 ARGM-PRP 	 redundant 	 yes 	 How does the speaker say it's probably easier for them to come? 	 yes 	 by public transport in Amsterdam 	 None
800 	 and she just had bad luck I guess is all you can say . 	 is 	 I guess 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What is all you can say? 	 yes 	 she just had bad luck 	 None
811 	 Are you going to try and become a dual citizen ? 	 try 	 going 	 ARGM-MOD 	 redundant 	 yes 	 What is someone going to try and become? 	 yes 	 a dual citizen 	 None
