4 	 So what 's happening is that the modes are oscillating out of phase so that they completely mask each other 's Exactly . %hm . oscillations on these other frequencies . 	 mask 	 completely 	 ARGM-EXT 	 right 	 yes 	 How do the modes mask each other? 	 yes 	 oscillating out of phase 	 None
32 	 and I still would like to be welcome in my own country . 	 be 	 welcome 	 ARG2 	 right 	 yes 	 What would someone still like to be? 	 yes 	 welcome in my own country 	 None
65 	 and we can like do a quick dinner or something yeah and go see whatever you want to see , 	 go 	 see whatever you want to see 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What might someone go see? 	 yes 	 whatever you want to see 	 None
76 	 And it 'll be exactly what I want 	 want 	 exactly what 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What exactly will it be? 	 yes 	 exactly what I want 	 None
88 	 Well I 'm figuring it out fast because -- okay -- with not working out and all yeah . it 's pretty miserable my crunch tape . 	 's 	 it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What is pretty miserable my crunch tape? 	 yes 	 my crunch tape 	 None
103 	 or maybe I 'll just call you when we get in Holland just to let you know we 're there , 	 get 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 yes 	 When will I just call you? 	 yes 	 when we get in Holland 	 None
106 	 %um and I keep thinking maybe I 'd get in touch 	 thinking 	 maybe I 'd get in touch 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What did someone keep thinking? 	 yes 	 maybe I'd get in touch 	 None
111 	 she just was not a little sweet little cuddly you know , 	 was 	 not 	 ARGM-NEG 	 right 	 yes 	 What was she not? 	 yes 	 a little sweet little cuddly 	 None
133 	 and she said that if it was n't for Jetta you know Jasmine 's daddy would n't be 	 be 	 n't 	 ARGM-NEG 	 right 	 yes 	 Who or what would not be if it was not for Jetta? 	 yes 	 Jasmine 's daddy 	 None
171 	 %um and I keep thinking maybe I 'd get in touch 	 keep 	 thinking maybe I 'd get in touch 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What does the speaker keep doing? 	 yes 	 thinking maybe I'd get in touch 	 None
175 	 so if we get in the eighteenth or the nineteenth and then call you back %um when we get to a hotel or something like that . 	 call 	 back 	 ARGM-DIR 	 right 	 yes 	 How will we call you back? 	 yes 	 when we get to a hotel or something like that 	 None
179 	 No that had not happened , no . 	 happened 	 No 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 yes 	 What had not happened? 	 yes 	 that 	 None
183 	 I remember So you talking a little bit about it at one point . 	 talking 	 about it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What were you talking about at one point? 	 yes 	 it 	 None
210 	 I found a gym yesterday here that 's only eight pounds a month which is like twelve dollars , twelve fifty 	 is 	 only eight pounds a month 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What is like twelve dollars, twelve fifty? 	 yes 	 eight pounds a month 	 None
218 	 or maybe I 'll just call you when we get in Holland just to let you know we 're there , 	 get 	 in Holland 	 ARG2 	 right 	 yes 	 When will someone call just to let you know they are there? 	 yes 	 when we get in Holland 	 None
225 	 I think that would be obnoxious 	 think 	 that would be obnoxious 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What do you think would be? 	 yes 	 obnoxious 	 None
254 	 And then %um , I 'm not exactly sure what it is now . 	 'm 	 not 	 ARGM-NEG 	 right 	 yes 	 What exactly is the speaker not sure about now? 	 yes 	 what it is now 	 None
257 	 oh , well that 's good . 	 's 	 well 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 yes 	 What is good? 	 yes 	 that 	 None
258 	 Now I just have to work on the financial aspects of all of this . 	 work 	 on the financial aspects of all of this 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What do I have to work on? 	 yes 	 the financial aspects of all of this 	 None
268 	 mom said , Barbara , Jasmine is just moving 	 said 	 Barbara , Jasmine is just moving 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 Who did mom say Barbara is just moving? 	 yes 	 Jasmine 	 None
277 	 as soon as you get into Holland and get yourself settled you can call me 	 settled 	 yourself 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 Who got settled? 	 yes 	 you 	 None
285 	 And , %uh , what happened was after I had turned in my thesis but before I saw Neil again , he went to a conference in Rochester and there this was a big issue among the people who were doing this work , was , that their models could n't show this as a driven frequency , 	 was 	 this 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What was a big issue among the people who were doing this work? 	 yes 	 that their models could n't show this as a driven frequency 	 None
303 	 So what 's happening is that the modes are oscillating out of phase so that they completely mask each other 's Exactly . %hm . oscillations on these other frequencies . 	 happening 	 what 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What is happening? 	 yes 	 the modes are oscillating out of phase so that they completely mask each other 's Exactly . %hm . oscillations on these other frequencies 	 None
314 	 So , %um , I found a simple modification of the original formula , which unfortunately makes the solutions horrendously nasty . And in most cases , %uh , insoluble . 	 makes 	 unfortunately 	 ARGM-ADV 	 right 	 yes 	 How did someone make the solutions horrendously nasty? 	 yes 	 a simple modification of the original formula 	 None
333 	 no they 're nine and thirteen or something like that . 	 're 	 no 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 yes 	 Who are nine and thirteen or something like that? 	 yes 	 they 	 None
343 	 and just remember to ask for her mother . 	 ask 	 for her mother 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 Who or what should someone ask for? 	 yes 	 her mother 	 None
355 	 And so %uh , that 's yeah at least dealt with . 	 dealt 	 with 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What was dealt with? 	 yes 	 that 	 None
361 	 And , %uh %huh the most worthwhile thing as far as monetary value went that they stole was the pre-amplifier of my stereo . Unfortunately , because it 's a nice pre-amplifier , 	 stole 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What did they steal that was the most worthwhile thing as far as monetary value went? 	 yes 	 the pre-amplifier of my stereo 	 None
367 	 So what 's happening is that the modes are oscillating out of phase so that they completely mask each other 's Exactly . %hm . oscillations on these other frequencies . 	 mask 	 they 	 ARG0 	 right 	 yes 	 Who completely mask each other's oscillations on these other frequencies? 	 yes 	 the modes 	 None
368 	 mom said , Barbara , Jasmine is just moving 	 moving 	 just 	 ARGM-ADV 	 right 	 yes 	 How is Jasmine moving? 	 yes 	 just moving 	 None
375 	 And I was having a lot of trouble getting across to him that all of the literature has this frequency in the transients Yes . %eh and not driven . 	 getting 	 to him 	 ARG2 	 right 	 yes 	 To whom was someone having trouble getting across that all of the literature has this frequency? 	 yes 	 him 	 None
387 	 At least Well that would make sense during the summer %uh according to the stipulations of my fellowship , I can actually earn money during the summer . 	 make 	 sense 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What would make sense during the summer? 	 yes 	 that 	 None
392 	 I remember So you talking a little bit about it at one point . 	 talking 	 a little bit 	 ARGM-EXT 	 right 	 yes 	 What were you talking about a little bit? 	 yes 	 it 	 None
407 	 Not a whole lot I can do about that now . 	 do 	 about that 	 ARG2 	 right 	 yes 	 What can I do about that now? 	 yes 	 Not a whole lot 	 None
431 	 I said mom it is when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you . 	 know 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 yes 	 When do you know? 	 yes 	 when you truly give your heart to Allah 	 None
450 	 I mean I do n't think you 're going to lose that much . 	 think 	 n't 	 ARGM-NEG 	 right 	 yes 	 What doesn't the speaker think? 	 yes 	 you 're going to lose that much 	 None
457 	 And one of the things that they find experimentally are what they call anti phased , %uh , states , where if you look at the total intensity uh-huh . of the laser , you get an oscillation which is characterized by one frequency . 	 get 	 anti phased , %uh , states 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 yes 	 What do you get when looking at the total intensity of the laser? 	 yes 	 an oscillation which is characterized by one frequency 	 None
458 	 Well it 's hard to you know not eat when somebody else is eating . 	 eat 	 not 	 ARGM-NEG 	 right 	 yes 	 What is it hard to do when somebody else is eating? 	 yes 	 not eat 	 None
466 	 I mean the only thing is %um just getting your heart rate up for extended periods of time . 	 getting 	 up 	 ARGM-PRD 	 right 	 yes 	 What are you getting your heart rate for extended periods of time? 	 yes 	 just getting your heart rate up 	 None
475 	 it 'll probably be about five thousand dollars the portion of this year that I 'm in Oregon 	 be 	 it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What will probably be about five thousand dollars? 	 yes 	 the portion of this year that I 'm in Oregon 	 None
478 	 %um and I 'll sit and talk with Anya about some things that maybe we think that it would be neat for you to see . 	 be 	 neat 	 ARG2 	 right 	 yes 	 What would it be neat for you to see? 	 yes 	 some things 	 None
492 	 you know even after you left I said , I just hope Arlita knows that you know I tried my best you know 	 knows 	 that you know I tried my best you know 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What does Arlita know? 	 yes 	 that you know I tried my best 	 None
503 	 But that 's what she had wrote me . 	 wrote 	 what 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What did she write me? 	 yes 	 that 	 None
510 	 I mean , you know , writing a couple of articles based on your Master 's thesis , is , not at all unusual in Physics 	 is 	 not at all unusual 	 ARG2 	 right 	 yes 	 What is writing a couple of articles based on your Master's thesis in Physics? 	 yes 	 not at all unusual in Physics 	 None
517 	 yeah , Good . an older home that you know Julie is of course carving up and making beautiful . %um 	 carving 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What is Julie carving up? 	 yes 	 an older home 	 None
518 	 So yeah , that particular frequency according to most models damps out very quickly . 	 damps 	 according to most models 	 ARGM-ADV 	 right 	 yes 	 How does that particular frequency damp out very quickly according to most models? 	 yes 	 very quickly 	 None
519 	 %um , so I have a bunch of %uh work that I need to do on my flat this year . 	 need 	 to do on my flat this year 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What do I need this year? 	 yes 	 a bunch of %uh work 	 None
541 	 And one of the things that they find experimentally are what they call anti phased , %uh , states , where if you look at the total intensity uh-huh . of the laser , you get an oscillation which is characterized by one frequency . 	 get 	 where 	 R-ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 yes 	 Where do you get an oscillation which is characterized by one frequency? 	 yes 	 at the total intensity of the laser 	 None
574 	 and I 've said that yeah I will give a urine sample or a blood sample if they call me back for those , but they 're going to have to pay my trip back to the states . because there 's no bases in Holland and I 'm not going to pay out of my own expenses to go to Germany or something for them . 	 go 	 to Germany 	 ARG4 	 right 	 yes 	 Where is someone not going to go? 	 yes 	 Germany 	 None
575 	 I mean , you know , writing a couple of articles based on your Master 's thesis , is , not at all unusual in Physics 	 is 	 in Physics 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 yes 	 In what field is writing a couple of articles based on a Master's thesis not at all unusual? 	 yes 	 Physics 	 None
586 	 I said mom it is when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you . 	 have 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 yes 	 When do you have faith? 	 yes 	 when you believe in Allah 	 None
588 	 and you know she talked about %um her sisters you know and things 	 talked 	 about %um her sisters you know and things 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What did she talk about? 	 yes 	 %um her sisters you know and things 	 None
592 	 but I think he 's at a point now where he 's reserved us of that %um , you know that she may end up going %um to %uh t- 	 reserved 	 a point 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 yes 	 What has he reserved us of? 	 yes 	 that she may end up going %um to %uh t- 	 None
599 	 And so the problem is that now they found out that it 's worth breaking into . 	 is 	 so 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 yes 	 How does the problem exist? 	 yes 	 that now they found out that it’s worth breaking into 	 None
607 	 So when I 'm still riding the bike she 's completely finished her weight lifting routine . 	 riding 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 yes 	 When am I riding the bike? 	 yes 	 when I 'm still riding the bike 	 None
640 	 I said mom it is when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you . 	 believe 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 yes 	 When do you believe in Allah? 	 yes 	 when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah 	 None
653 	 I 'll probably never remember that 	 remember 	 probably 	 ARGM-ADV 	 right 	 yes 	 How likely am I to remember that? 	 yes 	 probably never 	 None
674 	 and the end semester is still going . 	 going 	 still 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 yes 	 How is the end semester going? 	 yes 	 still going 	 None
690 	 and she climbs up the stairs , Selema . 	 climbs 	 Selema 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 yes 	 Who climbs up the stairs? 	 yes 	 she 	 None
691 	 But , I do n't really like going with Anne Marie because she does n't like to stay very long . 	 stay 	 she 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 Who doesn't like to stay very long? 	 yes 	 Anne Marie 	 None
697 	 and I 've said that yeah I will give a urine sample or a blood sample if they call me back for those , but they 're going to have to pay my trip back to the states . because there 's no bases in Holland and I 'm not going to pay out of my own expenses to go to Germany or something for them . 	 call 	 back 	 ARGM-DIR 	 right 	 yes 	 How might they call me? 	 yes 	 call me back 	 None
712 	 and we go through a box of cereal every two days . 	 go 	 through a box of cereal 	 ARG2 	 right 	 yes 	 What do we go through every two days? 	 yes 	 a box of cereal 	 None
722 	 I said mom it is when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you . 	 give 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 yes 	 When do you truly give your heart to Allah? 	 yes 	 when you have faith 	 None
757 	 Feldmessen is , %um , surveying . 	 is 	 Feldmessen 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What is Feldmessen? 	 yes 	 surveying 	 None
766 	 So I think it 's time to give all the cats a bath . 	 think 	 So 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 yes 	 How does the speaker think about giving all the cats a bath? 	 yes 	 it's time to give all the cats a bath 	 None
784 	 Alita she said this little girl has a serious problem . 	 said 	 she 	 ARG0 	 right 	 yes 	 Who said this little girl has a serious problem? 	 yes 	 Alita 	 None
798 	 and I just believe it 's you know time , you know 	 believe 	 it 's you know time , you know 	 ARG1 	 right 	 yes 	 What does 'I' believe? 	 yes 	 it's you know time 	 None
803 	 I 'll give you a call when we arrive in h- , 	 arrive 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 yes 	 When will someone give you a call? 	 yes 	 when we arrive in h- 	 None
809 	 You know , I went from Chicago to U C S G to here . 	 went 	 to here 	 ARG4 	 right 	 yes 	 Where did I go from Chicago to U C S G? 	 yes 	 here 	 None
819 	 And they own my body and soul for like another four years 	 own 	 And 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 yes 	 Who owns my body and soul for like another four years? 	 yes 	 they 	 None
824 	 it 's Frau in German 	 's 	 in German 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 yes 	 In what language is it called Frau? 	 yes 	 German 	 None
838 	 There 's drawers everywhere , to figure out where everything is . 	 's 	 to figure out where everything is 	 ARGM-PRP 	 right 	 yes 	 What is there? 	 yes 	 drawers 	 None
