20 	 That 's an interesting question because Vladimir Putin on Wednesday addressed the Indian Parliament just as Bill Clinton had done six months ago , and I think it 's safe to say that Mr. Putin actually probably accomplished more than Mr. Clinton did in the hard concrete terms of arms sales and that sort of thing , but it was Mr. Clinton that stole the Indian lawmakers ' hearts . 	 was 	 that stole the Indian lawmakers ' hearts 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
24 	 And some people are surprised and I might even add pleased in this city that your SEC has been quick to react when Phil Purcell of Morgan Stanley made a statement that your SEC did n't think and that you did n't think expressed appropriate contrition when Bear Stearns stepped out of line in the view of the SEC . 	 stepped 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
41 	 One only has to recall the bombing of the US Marine barracks in Lebanon in 1983 , also a month before presidential election , also at a time when Israel was involving suitable ferment at that point in Lebanon now with the Palestinians , where the United States was also attempting actively to provide some stabilizing influence and unfortunately and tragically got caught up in the maelstrom and that seems to be the salient fact of this attack . 	 involving 	 when 	 R-ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
48 	 Allison says she hopes there will be other shows that feature kids like her . 	 feature 	 that 	 R-ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
62 	 He died yesterday of renal failure and complications from pneumonia . 	 complications 	 from pneumonia 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
85 	 I think so , Lou . 	 think 	 Lou 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
96 	 In what may have been a ripple effect of the Middle East crisis , an explosion today killed at least four sailors on a US Navy destroyer in the Yemeni port of Aden . 	 been 	 what 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
98 	 This is what the 747 slammed into Tuesday night in a blinding rain storm . 	 slammed 	 into 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
112 	 17 sailors were killed and dozens were injured when the explosion blew a huge hole into the hull of the Navy destroyer as it was refueling in Aden . 	 blew 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
116 	 And those dreams were a little closer to coming true this day , and with shows like `` Pelswick , '' they say -- well , when they get a little older , maybe people wo n't even look down first . 	 look 	 wo 	 ARGM-MOD 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
127 	 Positive Black Soul are now the oldsters of Dakar 's hip - hop scene and they have established the template of social consciousness that many Senegalese hip - hop groups follow like Bootin Bye , which recently scored this hit about AIDS prevention . 	 follow 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
140 	 We are usually not sufficiently clear , we meaning the Secretariat , in explaining that sovereignty and final analysis belongs to the people and sovereignty should be seen in a democratic context . 	 are 	 We 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
141 	 When Awadi and Barry performed , they managed simultaneously to bathe in the group of American hip - hop and they keep a clear sense that they are from Senegal . 	 performed 	 When 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
147 	 Western hip - hop lyrics often revolve around the accumulation of material wealth and throwing parties . 	 revolve 	 Western hip - hop lyrics 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
156 	 It really comes from the actual bands and the fact that there 's this grassroots following that 's been there , you know , for a long time , primarily started by the Grateful Dead , at least the future by the Grateful Dead . 	 been 	 there 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
169 	 She has no idea where her husband is now , but thanks to a little help from a Delta flight attendant , she knew he got where he was going . 	 going 	 he 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
197 	 They could very well be biological weapons production facilities , but I do n't think the intelligence community has made an open and shut case . 	 shut 	 case 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
198 	 People have long struggled with the question , Why did the chicken cross the road ? - but all the Scott family wants to know is , Why did a chicken adopt their ten new puppies ? 	 adopt 	 Why 	 ARGM-CAU 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
200 	 When Awadi and Barry performed , they managed simultaneously to bathe in the group of American hip - hop and they keep a clear sense that they are from Senegal . 	 bathe 	 in the group of American hip - hop 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
201 	 Constitutionally barred from serving a third term as Serbian President , he clung to power by having the federal parliament elect him President of Yugoslavia . 	 barred 	 Constitutionally 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
202 	 And one of the longest running struggles for international justice reached a milestone today of sorts , when a Scottish court , meeting in the Netherlands , finally officially found someone guilty in the 1988 bombing that brought down Pan Am Flight 103 . 	 found 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
208 	 It is the world at its most carnival - like , and yet it is virtually impossible , is n't it , for a Chinese artist to do something or to make a statement without its having some kind of either political effect or be political in origin . 	 statement 	 without its having some kind of either political effect or be political in origin 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
217 	 Egypt 's President Hosni Mubarak has called on Israeli leaders to stop talking about war and to make peace with the Palestinians and Syria . 	 called 	 Israeli leaders 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
218 	 When American saxophonist David Murray recorded his acclaimed afrocentric jazz album , Fo Juke Review in Dakar , he recruited Amidu Berry and DJ Awadi from PBS to show what an edge West African music can really have . 	 recorded 	 When 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
219 	 The US is committed to working with Bangladesh on this and other core labor standards including freedom of association and collective bargaining . 	 bargaining 	 collective 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
224 	 I think there 's been too much emphasis on performance defined strictly by stock performance and earnings per share . 	 performance 	 stock 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
230 	 The court ruled this senior Libyan intelligence agent planted the bomb that killed 270 , mostly Americans , when the plane bound for New York exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland . 	 exploded 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
237 	 It is no secret that the significant differences between our two countries earlier this year on how best to handle Iraq , but we are now able to look forward together firmly in agreement on the route we have decided in the United Nations , although , the tragic loss of British lives today reminds us all of the difficulties to be faced . 	 look 	 firmly in agreement on the route we have decided in the United Nations 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
238 	 We begin tonight with a couple of urgent questions for the government . 	 begin 	 with a couple of urgent questions for the government 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
243 	 Well , actually President Mubarak was very categorical today in condemning calls for war , which he said were very serious and people should understand the implications of just what it meant . 	 were 	 which 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
265 	 Last week federal regulators imposed a so - called soft cap on California , which requires power firms to justify prices above 150 dollars per megawatt hour . 	 imposed 	 which requires power firms to justify prices above 150 dollars per megawatt hour 	 C-ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
269 	 Why does the trip come now ? 	 come 	 Why 	 ARGM-CAU 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
272 	 He says it 's unlikely Gore will be selected , because he does n't have enough experience in the academic world . 	 selected 	 will 	 ARGM-MOD 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
295 	 We 're deadly serious about some of the actions we 've taken , and when we see people who do n't appear to be taking it too seriously , we 're going to get to them right away . 	 see 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
299 	 One only has to recall the bombing of the US Marine barracks in Lebanon in 1983 , also a month before presidential election , also at a time when Israel was involving suitable ferment at that point in Lebanon now with the Palestinians , where the United States was also attempting actively to provide some stabilizing influence and unfortunately and tragically got caught up in the maelstrom and that seems to be the salient fact of this attack . 	 involving 	 a time 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
306 	 He now faces huge obstacles as Haiti 's leader . 	 faces 	 as Haiti 's leader 	 ARGM-PRD 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
319 	 This was supposed to be the day the truce went into effect , when both sides would call off the violence , but that clearly has not happened , and here in the streets , peace seems very unlikely . 	 call 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
331 	 At the same time , work continues to bring the young people of our countries closer together through language , teaching , school exchanges and university programs . 	 exchanges 	 school 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
356 	 When you talk about Arafat and the people around him , you have to understand how young this population really is -- how volatile , how close to exploding it really is . 	 talk 	 When 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
364 	 17 sailors were killed and dozens were injured when the explosion blew a huge hole into the hull of the Navy destroyer as it was refueling in Aden . 	 refueling 	 it 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
378 	 People have long struggled with the question , Why did the chicken cross the road ? - but all the Scott family wants to know is , Why did a chicken adopt their ten new puppies ? 	 cross 	 Why 	 ARGM-CAU 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
401 	 Just one last thing quoting him and I wonder if you could respond to this , Christopher , he said at the very beginning of his wonderful speech to the Nobel Prize Committee , he said , `` I do not wish to waste this talk on literature by saying too much about politics and history , What I want to do is to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual . '' 	 do 	 What 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
417 	 Sources close to the investigation tell NBC News that Singapore Airlines flight 6 tried to take off on a runway closed for repairs . 	 take 	 Singapore Airlines flight 6 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
435 	 The little town I was in this southern Iraq , as far as I got , I ca n't boast of further , is where the talks took place . 	 boast 	 ca 	 ARGM-MOD 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
438 	 He sat out 1 term after losing a U.S Senate race in the 1960s , but for 24 terms , Yates represented Chicago 's northern lake front and northern suburbs . 	 sat 	 He 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
457 	 As Greg Lefevre reports , many stores have sold out of the game even before its release . 	 sold 	 of the game 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
462 	 She has no idea where her husband is now , but thanks to a little help from a Delta flight attendant , she knew he got where he was going . 	 is 	 where 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
474 	 Now , Greg , the only question that means anything at this hour . 	 means 	 that 	 R-ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
476 	 On the other hand we have Egypt which was the first Arab country to make peace with the Jewish state , which is of course also a top recipient of US aid . 	 was 	 Egypt 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
489 	 Let 's start with that surprise , the malfeasance that is crossing your desk . 	 start 	 with that surprise , the malfeasance that is crossing your desk 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
491 	 The FBI says when they questioned him , he told them of another plot to bomb an American ship in Yemen , where the `` USS Cole '' was ultimately attacked . 	 plot 	 to bomb an American ship in Yemen , where the `` USS Cole '' was ultimately attacked 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
496 	 They goes in there and nuzzles with the puppies , or lays her eggs and sits there with the mother . 	 sits 	 with the mother 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
502 	 As the plane was taking off this passenger noticed she did n't see any runway lights . 	 taking 	 the plane 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
505 	 Actor Drugewbo Unitich tells how the show began . 	 began 	 how 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
532 	 Quite an emotional experience and one of us can only imagine what it must have been like to endure . 	 experience 	 emotional 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
554 	 Just one last thing quoting him and I wonder if you could respond to this , Christopher , he said at the very beginning of his wonderful speech to the Nobel Prize Committee , he said , `` I do not wish to waste this talk on literature by saying too much about politics and history , What I want to do is to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual . '' 	 speech 	 his 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
555 	 And those dreams were a little closer to coming true this day , and with shows like `` Pelswick , '' they say -- well , when they get a little older , maybe people wo n't even look down first . 	 get 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
575 	 He got on a flight to an undisclosed location , when Jamie got a second phone call from a flight attendant . 	 got 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
581 	 Russia has very little influence with Pakistan , but of course Russia supplies India with 70 % of its military hardware and that was of course the second pillar here of Mr. Putin 's visit , which was to finalize some very substantial arms deals . 	 was 	 Mr. Putin 's visit 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
595 	 The book is filled with marvelous descriptions of the gorges through which he walks , the mountains that he climbs , indeed the book is called Soul Mountain , the mountain on which he hopes in some way or another to get in touch with his soul , his individual soul , as opposed to that mass kind of soul being enforced upon him by the Communist Chinese authorities , the social realism that the cadres would have him write in . 	 get 	 he 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
598 	 Well , the work that we have so far in English translation suggests that , and indeed this novel , which is a celebration as well of the self of the individual , goes so far as to even divide up to the self . 	 suggests 	 that 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
631 	 Other POWs from Iraq after they were captured and released , that dramatic release that Sunday morning when they were picked up by a squadron of Marines who had wandered in a town in Baghdad and were told where they were being kept . 	 told 	 a squadron of Marines 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
633 	 The little town I was in this southern Iraq , as far as I got , I ca n't boast of further , is where the talks took place . 	 took 	 where 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
634 	 At home , President Vojislav Kostunica says that he intends to promote democracy and free speech , but Kostunica just might have second thoughts , once a theater group that roasted his predecessor over the coals starts turning him on a spit . 	 speech 	 free 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
638 	 She announced her decision to vacate her post as chief executive of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia , following word of a federal indictment . 	 indictment 	 federal 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
640 	 Imagine being able to visit Nickelodeon to see how they make cartoons . 	 make 	 how 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
641 	 We work together bilatarily and on the international stage , and we are developing new links all the time in fields of commerce , culture , counterterrorism , energy , education environment . 	 work 	 bilatarily and on the international stage 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
642 	 When he retired last year , he was the oldest and longest serving member of the house . 	 retired 	 When 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
647 	 Kids lead the way in diversity , because they 're very accepting of other kids in terms of who they are , and who they really are as people . 	 are 	 who 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
650 	 When you find one where no one has been there , you are the first person , the adrenaline is phenomenal . 	 find 	 When 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
659 	 Among other things , they would also freeze Taliban assets abroad and restrict foreign travel by Taliban officials . 	 restrict 	 Among other things 	 ARGM-ADV 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
662 	 Of course you will recall when he spoke to the parliament there was an ecstatic welcome for him . 	 spoke 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
664 	 Tonight it appears at least 82 are dead from what may have been a wrong turn . 	 been 	 what 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
684 	 We have already seen problems from Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi on Tuesday who appeared on Al - Jazeera , the pan-Arab satellite channel , and , rubbish , what he said was a draft statement for the end of the summit on Sunday . 	 statement 	 for the end of the summit on Sunday 	 ARGM-PRP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
686 	 So before they say it is a white man tangle you know it 's because of a white man that this happens and they got to , you know , check around and they say who is the real guilty . 	 check 	 around 	 ARGM-DIR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
687 	 You flag us when you come to the first portion we should hear aloud . 	 come 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
698 	 Constitutionally barred from serving a third term as Serbian President , he clung to power by having the federal parliament elect him President of Yugoslavia . 	 clung 	 Constitutionally barred from serving a third term as Serbian President 	 R-ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
699 	 We 're deadly serious about some of the actions we 've taken , and when we see people who do n't appear to be taking it too seriously , we 're going to get to them right away . 	 taking 	 people 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
707 	 Kids lead the way in diversity , because they 're very accepting of other kids in terms of who they are , and who they really are as people . 	 are 	 who 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
725 	 Those puppies are in for a heck of a surprise when they do open their eyes , are n't they ? 	 open 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
727 	 But in Washington , Pentagon officials went further saying that they had every reason to suspect that the blast was caused by terrorists . 	 suspect 	 every reason 	 ARGM-CAU 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
759 	 In fact , Brian I do have it handed to me now . 	 have 	 Brian 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
773 	 Some U.S. troops have not had a chance to call home since they were deployed for duty in `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . '' 	 call 	 home 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
805 	 I just want to get home , never been so ready to get back to the United States . 	 been 	 never 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
807 	 They toured the world and performed wherever there is an emigrant community from the former Yugoslavia scattered by the wars here , from Australia to New York where Index will be returning in late November . 	 is 	 wherever 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
822 	 Nonetheless , the fact that she did meet with Bashar Al - Assad and it was n't Saudi Arabia which is traditionally being more dovish and has supported US policy , it is significant . 	 is 	 it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
823 	 He was sentenced to 17 months in prison and fined 100,000 dollars after pleading guilty to mail fraud . 	 fined 	 He 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
828 	 A sense of nationalism has grown stronger here as many people rally against what they say is a siege on their country . 	 rally 	 many people 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
830 	 We have already seen problems from Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi on Tuesday who appeared on Al - Jazeera , the pan-Arab satellite channel , and , rubbish , what he said was a draft statement for the end of the summit on Sunday . 	 said 	 what 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
837 	 Thanks very much , NBC 's Jim Maceda tonight for the trial of the Lockerbie 103 Pan Am crash . 	 Thanks 	 tonight 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
842 	 And one of the longest running struggles for international justice reached a milestone today of sorts , when a Scottish court , meeting in the Netherlands , finally officially found someone guilty in the 1988 bombing that brought down Pan Am Flight 103 . 	 running 	 struggles 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
861 	 That craft that approached the Cole is a rubber boat , not a big craft , but they would have had to pack it fully with explosives to do the amount of damage that they did to the Cole and that certainly would have taken time to get that put together . 	 did 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
863 	 The right of the people to cast their vote , the court said , is paramount . 	 vote 	 their 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
864 	 No threats are specified but the US embassy in Rome was closed Friday for what officials called security reasons . 	 called 	 what 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
878 	 When they made the decision not to move toward Bagdad with bad information , namely , the Republican Guard absolutely devastated . 	 decision 	 When 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
879 	 Thank you very much , Tony . 	 Thank 	 Tony 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
880 	 Interestingly enough she is quoted as telling General Sanholi back to the US that she did not really get too much of a reception from Bashar Al - Assad in terms of lightening the traditionally antagonistic Syrian align towards Israel . 	 telling 	 back to the US 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
889 	 He has invested an awful amount in the peace with Israel , and really he can not afford to let it fail . 	 afford 	 really 	 ARGM-ADV 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
890 	 As we said , earlier this week , Christine Todd Whitman stepped down and now a whole lot of analysis is taking place as to why she stepped down , the job she 's done when she was in office and the job that has yet to be complete . 	 stepped 	 why 	 ARGM-CAU 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
891 	 Among other things , they would also freeze Taliban assets abroad and restrict foreign travel by Taliban officials . 	 travel 	 foreign 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
907 	 First of all , Karl , how many Iraqis were killed in that incident ? 	 killed 	 Karl 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
912 	 I 'm not banking my whole life on bringing , you know , number one rated show . 	 show 	 number one rated 	 ARGM-PRD 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
922 	 That was after he had actually barricaded himself inside that bus with the child . 	 barricaded 	 with the child 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
930 	 I was never supportive of protocol because it did n't do what everyone needs to get done as far as climate change is concerned . 	 done 	 what 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
945 	 Gao Xingjian arrived in Stockholm this week and when he leaves the Chinese born writer will have something extra in his suitcase , the Nobel Prize for Literature . 	 leaves 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
956 	 In Serbia it is 57th round of elections from September 2000 and Slobodan Milosevic appears on national tv and says , `` I want to greet you as your new President , my name is Vojislav Kostunica '' . 	 round 	 57th 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
980 	 She and her daughter Jordan often shuffle through these pictures of him taken before he left . 	 shuffle 	 through these pictures of him taken before he left 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1009 	 A pair of Laci Peterson 's missing shoes could be very important evidence in Scott 's murder trial . 	 missing 	 shoes 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1013 	 This is another thing that the Indians were glad to hear him say , and he also said that both India and Russia suffer from the same sort of terrorism , as he put it , referring of course to the separatist militancies in Chechnya and Russia and in Jammu and Kashmir . 	 were 	 the Indians 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1019 	 USAirways is flying its way out of bankruptcy . 	 flying 	 its way 	 ARGM-DIR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1022 	 I hate these people that go , we 've been married for 56 years and never had a bad word . 	 go 	 these people 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1026 	 He was referring to his struggle against the US , which strongly supports the economic embargo meant to force him to disarm . 	 meant 	 the economic embargo 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1030 	 President Clinton was in Northern Ireland when he heard the Supreme Court decision . 	 heard 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1051 	 As we said , earlier this week , Christine Todd Whitman stepped down and now a whole lot of analysis is taking place as to why she stepped down , the job she 's done when she was in office and the job that has yet to be complete . 	 was 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1064 	 I always felt when I enter his person , Okay , that I can do whatever I want and I always molested our fellow players you know . 	 enter 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1070 	 They ask again , Are you sure they mean that ? 	 Are 	 you 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1079 	 It looks like an annual tradition is building . 	 building 	 an annual tradition 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1086 	 I hate these people that go , we 've been married for 56 years and never had a bad word . 	 been 	 we 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1097 	 Sidney Yates was first elected to the U.S. house in 1948 , when Harry Truman was President and for more than 4 decades he trounced every challenger to face him in congressional election . 	 face 	 in congressional election 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1105 	 They are angry that the President is threatening to veto it saying it 's wrong to have political budget battles right before the election . 	 battles 	 political 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1109 	 Russia has very little influence with Pakistan , but of course Russia supplies India with 70 % of its military hardware and that was of course the second pillar here of Mr. Putin 's visit , which was to finalize some very substantial arms deals . 	 was 	 which 	 R-ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1112 	 Tonight on Israeli television , Prime Minister Barak said we can not go on as if nothing happened , and if the demonstrations do n't stop , Barak 's spokesman said Israel will continue to use live ammunition . 	 go 	 we 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1116 	 He is best known among his neighbors in Paris as a painter . 	 known 	 best 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1127 	 I think a number of the reforms that have come via the Sarbanes - Oxley Act and a number of things that we have done at the SEC are basically making everybody take a new look at how they 're performing their duty as a director , how they 're performing their duties on audit committees and compensation committees and in Wall Street . 	 performing 	 how 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1132 	 He had survived , if you will , a death sentence , and now in that new freedom of the life in front of him , he takes to the road in the tradition of old Chinese poets and records what he sees , what he hears , the stories that he is told . 	 sees 	 what 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1142 	 We 'll talk with a terror expert about that , and Iraqi deserters on the northern front , Ben Wedeman has their story why they 're no longer fighting for Saddam Hussein and Don Shepperd is going to answer some of your questions as he looks at the battle hot spots . 	 fighting 	 why 	 ARGM-CAU 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1145 	 Just one last thing quoting him and I wonder if you could respond to this , Christopher , he said at the very beginning of his wonderful speech to the Nobel Prize Committee , he said , `` I do not wish to waste this talk on literature by saying too much about politics and history , What I want to do is to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual . '' 	 quoting 	 him 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1153 	 We just felt he understands how to reach people and how to reach kids . 	 reach 	 how 	 ARGM-MNR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1154 	 Sidney Yates was first elected to the U.S. house in 1948 , when Harry Truman was President and for more than 4 decades he trounced every challenger to face him in congressional election . 	 was 	 1948 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1155 	 We 're normal people , and that 's what Pelswick was , he was just a normal kid . 	 was 	 what 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1158 	 He followed it to this narrow opening . 	 followed 	 it 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1190 	 Might get more information from Secretary Tom Ridge when he delivers that speech over at the press club in the next hour . 	 delivers 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1198 	 The wind was so strong , or so the story goes , that it blew his hat off his head . 	 goes 	 the story 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1207 	 And you see Apache helicopter pilot and his wife Michelle who was talking with us on the telephone the Sunday morning when the video came in of the rescue of the POWs and , she identified her husband and life just got better and better for her after that . 	 came 	 of the rescue of the POWs 	 C-ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1209 	 He asked us to call you to let you know he 's okay . 	 let 	 us 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1210 	 The government also filed civil charges against her . 	 charges 	 against her 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1212 	 Among other things , they would also freeze Taliban assets abroad and restrict foreign travel by Taliban officials . 	 freeze 	 Among other things 	 ARGM-ADV 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1219 	 Late Thursday , Mr. Barak invited Likud opposition leader Ariel Sharon to join him in a government of national emergency . 	 join 	 in a government of national emergency 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1228 	 Still , she promised that the United States would take appropriate action if terrorists were found to be behind the blast , a sentiment echoed later in the day by President Clinton . 	 action 	 would 	 ARGM-MOD 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1245 	 The knowledge that our lights are the first to light it up , our footprints were the first , our eyes were first to see it . 	 light 	 the first 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1252 	 An occasion that marked the formal establishment between our two countries . 	 establishment 	 between our two countries 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1276 	 Nine people were injured in Gaza when gunmen opened fire on an Israeli bus . 	 opened 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1307 	 He had survived , if you will , a death sentence , and now in that new freedom of the life in front of him , he takes to the road in the tradition of old Chinese poets and records what he sees , what he hears , the stories that he is told . 	 told 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
1331 	 NPR 's Sheryl Corley reports from Chicago . 	 reports 	 from Chicago 	 ARGM-DIR 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
