5 	 Nine people were injured in Gaza when gunmen opened fire on an Israeli bus . 	 fire 	 on an Israeli bus 	 ARGM-LOC 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
8 	 Russian President was supposed to visit India as early as 97 - 1998 , but of course Boris Yeltsin 's health problems got in the way of that , and then of course , Mr. Yeltsin 's abrupt resignation last year another visit and then the subsequent election campaign and inauguration of Vladimir Putin took some time , so it 's been put off for a couple of years . 	 took 	 then 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
9 	 Russian President was supposed to visit India as early as 97 - 1998 , but of course Boris Yeltsin 's health problems got in the way of that , and then of course , Mr. Yeltsin 's abrupt resignation last year another visit and then the subsequent election campaign and inauguration of Vladimir Putin took some time , so it 's been put off for a couple of years . 	 took 	 of course 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
11 	 They know how to make a hip - hop record sound good . 	 make 	 They 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
29 	 The right of the people to cast their vote , the court said , is paramount . 	 cast 	 the people 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
40 	 When they made the decision not to move toward Bagdad with bad information , namely , the Republican Guard absolutely devastated . 	 move 	 they 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
53 	 Tonight it appears at least 82 are dead from what may have been a wrong turn . 	 are 	 from what may have been a wrong turn 	 ARGM-CAU 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
59 	 Positive Black Soul sings in Senegal 's main language Wolof but if the music sounds like it comes straight out of the Bronx , well , you are not far off . 	 comes 	 straight 	 ARGM-MNR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
68 	 I mean this man took the trip on which the novel was based for political reasons , did he not ? 	 based 	 the trip 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
76 	 It was the last of several speeches he has made in recent weeks to his backers across the country . 	 speeches 	 to his backers across the country 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
89 	 That 's interesting because leading into it , while she was New Jersey governor , she sued the EPA and she was very much considering herself to be an environmentalist , and then only to end up becoming the head of the EPA and then of course , there was a lot of criticism over relaxed regulations . 	 becoming 	 only 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
91 	 This song is from their latest play , The Last Train for Serbia , which was recorded on the day protestors stormed the federal parliament in Belgrade and the main television stations . 	 recorded 	 The Last Train for Serbia 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
93 	 Energy suppliers oppose a cap , saying instead they need incentives to build more generating stations . 	 need 	 instead 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
120 	 The little town I was in this southern Iraq , as far as I got , I ca n't boast of further , is where the talks took place . 	 boast 	 further 	 ARGM-EXT 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
123 	 So , I think terrorists prevented from attacking their targets using their more conventional means ` truck bombs ' have merely adjusted their tactics slightly and obviously they have been successful with it today . 	 using 	 terrorists 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
151 	 In an interview with Israeli Television Monday Mr. Mubarak said Israel knows what is necessary for peace , the return of lands captured in the 1967 Middle East war . 	 said 	 Monday 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
160 	 He gets a second chest X-ray , discovers that he does n't have lung cancer , recognizes that by virtue of the kinds of things that he is writing , his openness to Western literary ideas , that he is in political trouble again , and so he sets out on an extraordinary odyssey of some 15,000 kilometers , mostly on foot , which he takes through southwestern China . 	 have 	 he 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
175 	 `` I Hope You Dance , '' by Lee Ann Womack , was awarded Single of the Year and Song of the Year . 	 awarded 	 `` I Hope You Dance , '' by Lee Ann Womack , 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
180 	 All the other ports that have been mentioned here that we should have considered as options have had specific threats . 	 considered 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
209 	 And some people are surprised and I might even add pleased in this city that your SEC has been quick to react when Phil Purcell of Morgan Stanley made a statement that your SEC did n't think and that you did n't think expressed appropriate contrition when Bear Stearns stepped out of line in the view of the SEC . 	 expressed 	 when Bear Stearns stepped out of line in the view of the SEC 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
228 	 This raises a fundamental question -- if the message had been more clearly communicated and understood , would American lives have been saved ? 	 saved 	 would 	 ARGM-MOD 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
233 	 They are angry that the President is threatening to veto it saying it 's wrong to have political budget battles right before the election . 	 saying 	 the President 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
250 	 They have both invested enormous amounts in it , and both regimes would be more vulnerable if the peace process were to fail , because detractors and opponents within each country would have ammunition by which to fire at them . 	 invested 	 both 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
266 	 In Serbia it is 57th round of elections from September 2000 and Slobodan Milosevic appears on national tv and says , `` I want to greet you as your new President , my name is Vojislav Kostunica '' . 	 round 	 from September 2000 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
276 	 As we said , earlier this week , Christine Todd Whitman stepped down and now a whole lot of analysis is taking place as to why she stepped down , the job she 's done when she was in office and the job that has yet to be complete . 	 stepped 	 down 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
286 	 If you can stay and make it happen , the place where you was born , where you grew up then try to make it there . 	 try 	 you 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
302 	 Nothing , not even the fact that our countries became estranged in the war 's aftermath , has ever dimmed our memory of the scale of your loss . 	 became 	 in the war 's aftermath 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
305 	 It is no secret that the significant differences between our two countries earlier this year on how best to handle Iraq , but we are now able to look forward together firmly in agreement on the route we have decided in the United Nations , although , the tragic loss of British lives today reminds us all of the difficulties to be faced . 	 look 	 forward 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
307 	 Some U.S. troops have not had a chance to call home since they were deployed for duty in `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . '' 	 deployed 	 for duty 	 ARGM-PNC 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
311 	 While U.S. forces still have n't found any weapons of mass destruction , the new CIA Pentagon report says officials are now confident the mysterious trucks filled with high - tech equipment found in Iraq are indeed mobile biological weapons production facilities , just as Secretary of State Powell predicted and presented the United Nations before the war . 	 are 	 just as Secretary of State Powell predicted and presented the United Nations before the war 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
336 	 Reports from China say North Korean President Kim Jong Il is planning to announce economic reforms for his country . 	 announce 	 for his country 	 ARG3 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
345 	 That 's interesting because leading into it , while she was New Jersey governor , she sued the EPA and she was very much considering herself to be an environmentalist , and then only to end up becoming the head of the EPA and then of course , there was a lot of criticism over relaxed regulations . 	 was 	 then 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
348 	 Brian , if for some reason the Secretary of State would n't accept by the 26th , the certification , it could be certified elsewhere . 	 certified 	 the certification 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
357 	 When you find one where no one has been there , you are the first person , the adrenaline is phenomenal . 	 find 	 where no one has been there 	 ARGM-LOC 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
365 	 The blast , which occurred just after noon local time in Yemen , ripped a 20 x 40 foot gash in the USS Cole , a state - of - the - art destroyer that had stopped in Aden to refuel before joining the carrier George Washington in the Persian Gulf . 	 stopped 	 a state - of - the - art destroyer 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
372 	 We do have to try to reduce the violee and take a turn back for a period of calmness so that we can move back to a peace process , but even if the violence subsides , Israelis and Palestinians will still have to deal with an open wound -- a scar so long and so deep from these last two weeks , it may be years before there is a real effort at talking peace again . 	 move 	 back 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
390 	 Not yet , says President George W. Bush , at the White House today , demanding that Khaddafi meet certain conditions first , to accept responsibility for this act , and to compensate the families . 	 compensate 	 Khaddafi 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
404 	 In what may have been a ripple effect of the Middle East crisis , an explosion today killed at least four sailors on a US Navy destroyer in the Yemeni port of Aden . 	 explosion 	 today 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
405 	 Some U.S. troops have not had a chance to call home since they were deployed for duty in `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . '' 	 deployed 	 in `` Operation Iraqi Freedom 	 ARGM-LOC 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
414 	 What do you suppose took place here ? 	 suppose 	 What 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
471 	 That 's interesting because leading into it , while she was New Jersey governor , she sued the EPA and she was very much considering herself to be an environmentalist , and then only to end up becoming the head of the EPA and then of course , there was a lot of criticism over relaxed regulations . 	 end 	 then 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
483 	 It was the last of several speeches he has made in recent weeks to his backers across the country . 	 speeches 	 made 	 ARGM-LVB 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
487 	 And you see Apache helicopter pilot and his wife Michelle who was talking with us on the telephone the Sunday morning when the video came in of the rescue of the POWs and , she identified her husband and life just got better and better for her after that . 	 got 	 for her 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
488 	 I was n't in a position that my dear friend was in when he was killed outside Bagdad airport but I had long thought and I was in Iraq in the previous war that really all the talk that had been about the rush to war , the push for war , the drive for war , all that propaganda , was essentially nonsensical because in 1990 , Saddam Hussein made the only self criticism . 	 was 	 really 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
501 	 As Greg Lefevre reports , many stores have sold out of the game even before its release . 	 reports 	 many stores have sold out of the game even before its release 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
506 	 In fact his visit has somewhat been ignored and in fact the main news story here in India has been sort of a local controversy over the roll - back of fuel prices rather than Mr. Putin 's visit , but he did do what he had to do and he certainly strengthened ties in a strategic sense between Russia and India . 	 strengthened 	 in a strategic sense between Russia and India 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
522 	 The reason they are picking that particular day is it allows , Brian , enough time for the aggrieved party , the losing party to file within 10 days a contest of the certification and that still allows enough time for the contest to be litigated through the courts primarily the circuit court and back to the Supreme Court if necessary and still meet the December 12 deadline for the Electoral College vote here . 	 litigated 	 through the courts 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
528 	 We work together bilatarily and on the international stage , and we are developing new links all the time in fields of commerce , culture , counterterrorism , energy , education environment . 	 developing 	 in fields of commerce , culture , counterterrorism , energy , education environment 	 ARGM-LOC 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
569 	 It 's not just clapping and having a good time . 	 clapping 	 just 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
577 	 We are usually not sufficiently clear , we meaning the Secretariat , in explaining that sovereignty and final analysis belongs to the people and sovereignty should be seen in a democratic context . 	 are 	 in explaining that sovereignty and final analysis belongs to the people and sovereignty should be seen in a democratic context 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
588 	 While U.S. forces still have n't found any weapons of mass destruction , the new CIA Pentagon report says officials are now confident the mysterious trucks filled with high - tech equipment found in Iraq are indeed mobile biological weapons production facilities , just as Secretary of State Powell predicted and presented the United Nations before the war . 	 are 	 indeed 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
601 	 They use the gunships to kill , we think , not less than 50,000 inhabitants of southern Iraq and trying to do that to the Kurds , as well , so it was a knife edge . 	 do 	 They 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
653 	 That craft that approached the Cole is a rubber boat , not a big craft , but they would have had to pack it fully with explosives to do the amount of damage that they did to the Cole and that certainly would have taken time to get that put together . 	 get 	 they 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
676 	 Do you suppose for personal reasons or perhaps she was out of step with the administration ? 	 suppose 	 for personal reasons 	 ARGM-CAU 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
678 	 Just one last thing quoting him and I wonder if you could respond to this , Christopher , he said at the very beginning of his wonderful speech to the Nobel Prize Committee , he said , `` I do not wish to waste this talk on literature by saying too much about politics and history , What I want to do is to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual . '' 	 saying 	 I 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
689 	 It 's very important to recognize that programs that we had said existed do exist . 	 existed 	 programs 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
694 	 All this happening about 90 minutes ago based on the wire reports we 're getting here . 	 getting 	 the wire reports 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
701 	 When they made the decision not to move toward Bagdad with bad information , namely , the Republican Guard absolutely devastated . 	 devastated 	 When they made the decision not to move toward Bagdad with bad information , namely 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
714 	 And he was very categorical that it was too weak and did not harm Israeli interests sufficiently . 	 was 	 that it was too weak and did not harm Israeli interests sufficiently 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
728 	 Of course , Pakistan wants international attention focussed on Kashmir , and Mr. Putin also said that he supports India 's tough approach to the external violence in Kashmir as he described it . 	 approach 	 as he described it 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
751 	 With the success of a new television show and last year 's Oz-fest tour ready to kick off , things were looking great for Ozzy Osbourne . 	 looking 	 for Ozzy Osbourne 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
753 	 A split decision for Lamen Khalifa Fhimah , aquittal , but Abdel Basset Ali Al - megrahi found guilty as charged . 	 decision 	 for Lamen Khalifa Fhimah , aquittal 	 ARG3 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
757 	 This is a guy whose world revolves not so much around music as around his wife . 	 revolves 	 not so much 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
762 	 Question two , did the Pentagon and the CIA get the message and do nothing about it ? 	 do 	 about it 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
777 	 US Energy Secretary Bill Richardson has extended an emergency order to keep electricity flowing to California . 	 extended 	 to keep electricity flowing to California 	 ARGM-PRP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
797 	 17 sailors were killed and dozens were injured when the explosion blew a huge hole into the hull of the Navy destroyer as it was refueling in Aden . 	 blew 	 into the hull of the Navy destroyer 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
818 	 Is it a taste of more to come in Iraq ? 	 come 	 more 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
832 	 There was none of that for Mr. Putin , but he did receive a very warm welcome , although most ordinary Indians who were actually rather captivated by Mr. Clinton 's visit did not really pay much attention to Mr. Putin 's visit . 	 was 	 for Mr. Putin 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
835 	 I was n't in a position that my dear friend was in when he was killed outside Bagdad airport but I had long thought and I was in Iraq in the previous war that really all the talk that had been about the rush to war , the push for war , the drive for war , all that propaganda , was essentially nonsensical because in 1990 , Saddam Hussein made the only self criticism . 	 was 	 because in 1990 , Saddam Hussein made the only self criticism 	 ARGM-CAU 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
845 	 Since then this relationship has grown in importance to us both through good times and bad . 	 grown 	 to us 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
848 	 It is the world at its most carnival - like , and yet it is virtually impossible , is n't it , for a Chinese artist to do something or to make a statement without its having some kind of either political effect or be political in origin . 	 be 	 its 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
856 	 They know the utility recently declared a dividend for its stockholders , but Edison 's Tom Higgins says the firm can not continue to pay high prices for electricity while keeping prices low for its customers . 	 keeping 	 for its customers 	 ARGM-GOL 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
892 	 He had survived , if you will , a death sentence , and now in that new freedom of the life in front of him , he takes to the road in the tradition of old Chinese poets and records what he sees , what he hears , the stories that he is told . 	 takes 	 he 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
896 	 He has had more than 30 one - man shows and his paintings are quite delicately done and there he is also very well known as a playwright . 	 shows 	 more than 30 	 ARGM-ADJ 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
901 	 They have also set up a joint working group on Afghanistan , which is of course a cause of concern for both countries . 	 set 	 on Afghanistan 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
929 	 I was never supportive of protocol because it did n't do what everyone needs to get done as far as climate change is concerned . 	 needs 	 as far as climate change is concerned 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
953 	 Not yet , says President George W. Bush , at the White House today , demanding that Khaddafi meet certain conditions first , to accept responsibility for this act , and to compensate the families . 	 says 	 today 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
966 	 More than 70 people have been wounded , mostly Palestinians , but also several Israeli soldiers . 	 wounded 	 mostly Palestinians , but also several Israeli soldiers 	 C-ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
984 	 When we started there were maybe two or three hip - hop groups in Dakar and now today we got more than 2000 groups only in Dakar , let 's say in Senegal . 	 were 	 maybe 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
987 	 The Scotts ran it past their vet and the vet assured them , as long as the hen left her crate to do business , she was no harm to the pup . 	 assured 	 as long as the hen left her crate to do business , she was no harm to the pup 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
992 	 Greg , go ahead , if you come to a passage we should hear . 	 hear 	 if you come to a passage 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
995 	 Characters proliferate out of the imagination of the narrator so that at a certain point , you have a new he , you have a new she , you have a you , and each one of these characters tells stories , each story of which is designed to give you a deeper sense of the richness and the complexity of life in China . 	 have 	 you 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1018 	 You go out . 	 go 	 out 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1025 	 He gets a second chest X-ray , discovers that he does n't have lung cancer , recognizes that by virtue of the kinds of things that he is writing , his openness to Western literary ideas , that he is in political trouble again , and so he sets out on an extraordinary odyssey of some 15,000 kilometers , mostly on foot , which he takes through southwestern China . 	 sets 	 so 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1043 	 Twisted overturned construction equipment . 	 overturned 	 Twisted 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1046 	 It is the world at its most carnival - like , and yet it is virtually impossible , is n't it , for a Chinese artist to do something or to make a statement without its having some kind of either political effect or be political in origin . 	 is 	 virtually impossible 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1047 	 On Wednesday UN Secretary General Kofi Annan called on his organization to close its mission in Haiti citing the unstable political climate . 	 close 	 citing the unstable political climate 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1062 	 They know the utility recently declared a dividend for its stockholders , but Edison 's Tom Higgins says the firm can not continue to pay high prices for electricity while keeping prices low for its customers . 	 declared 	 for its stockholders 	 ARG3 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1066 	 We have seen some more power techniques perhaps from his Foreign Minister Amre Moussa over the last few weeks , but Amre Moussa today at the Foreign Minister 's meeting was calling simply for the return of East Jerusalem to the Palestinians , in stark contrast to Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al - Shara who was pulling for a complete cut in diplomatic relations between Israel and the two Arab states that happen . 	 seen 	 perhaps 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1078 	 Welcome to another hour of news and information here on the Voice of America . 	 Welcome 	 here 	 ARGM-LOC 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1080 	 Just one last thing quoting him and I wonder if you could respond to this , Christopher , he said at the very beginning of his wonderful speech to the Nobel Prize Committee , he said , `` I do not wish to waste this talk on literature by saying too much about politics and history , What I want to do is to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual . '' 	 use 	 I 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1087 	 Russia has very little influence with Pakistan , but of course Russia supplies India with 70 % of its military hardware and that was of course the second pillar here of Mr. Putin 's visit , which was to finalize some very substantial arms deals . 	 influence 	 has 	 ARGM-LVB 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1091 	 We do have to try to reduce the violee and take a turn back for a period of calmness so that we can move back to a peace process , but even if the violence subsides , Israelis and Palestinians will still have to deal with an open wound -- a scar so long and so deep from these last two weeks , it may be years before there is a real effort at talking peace again . 	 turn 	 back 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1101 	 So you know it is amazing . 	 know 	 So 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1118 	 One large utility company , Southern California Edison says it may have to file for bankruptcy unless government officials can offer some relief . 	 file 	 have 	 ARGM-MOD 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1120 	 He gets a second chest X-ray , discovers that he does n't have lung cancer , recognizes that by virtue of the kinds of things that he is writing , his openness to Western literary ideas , that he is in political trouble again , and so he sets out on an extraordinary odyssey of some 15,000 kilometers , mostly on foot , which he takes through southwestern China . 	 sets 	 He 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1126 	 It hurts to think of how many wonderful people in Iraq at the academic community , lawyers , human rights activists , civilians , intellectuals , people -- would now be alive , who have been horribly murdered and tortured and reduced to misery since by a half application of violence through sanctions and overflights . 	 tortured 	 since by a half application of violence through sanctions and overflights 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1187 	 Positive Black Soul sings in Senegal 's main language Wolof but if the music sounds like it comes straight out of the Bronx , well , you are not far off . 	 comes 	 out of the Bronx 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1191 	 What I was referring to in that quote you had was the number of cases we see day in and day out at the lowest levels , scams and so forth , where considerable amounts of money are being made and lost by relatively small investors . 	 referring 	 What 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1215 	 Last week federal regulators imposed a so - called soft cap on California , which requires power firms to justify prices above 150 dollars per megawatt hour . 	 cap 	 on California 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1217 	 I want everybody who tried to vote who legally voted to have their vote count , including service people . 	 vote 	 who 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1293 	 They use the gunships to kill , we think , not less than 50,000 inhabitants of southern Iraq and trying to do that to the Kurds , as well , so it was a knife edge . 	 trying 	 They 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1296 	 I mean Madeleine Albright was in Saudi Arabia yesterday where she met with crown prince Abdullah and the new Syrian President Bashar Al - Assad . 	 was 	 where she met with crown prince Abdullah and the new Syrian President Bashar Al - Assad 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1300 	 I mean Madeleine Albright was in Saudi Arabia yesterday where she met with crown prince Abdullah and the new Syrian President Bashar Al - Assad . 	 met 	 yesterday 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1313 	 He is not as easy to make fun of yet Yubitritch says , unlike Milosevic , but that does n't mean he will escape the scrutiny and sharp wits of Index Theater . 	 says 	 unlike Milosevic 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1318 	 I mean this man took the trip on which the novel was based for political reasons , did he not ? 	 trip 	 took 	 ARGM-LVB 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
1322 	 I wish I could tell you which site this flag was hoisted in . 	 hoisted 	 which site 	 ARGM-LOC 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
