17 	 and we 're going to go see her next Thursday and talk about her making my wedding dress . 	 go 	 next Thursday 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
30 	 Well did she come home and say I saw her , I look like her or what ? 	 come 	 Well 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
34 	 Well I mean I 'm still American citizen 	 mean 	 Well 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
35 	 yeah , Good . an older home that you know Julie is of course carving up and making beautiful . %um 	 know 	 Julie is of course carving up and making beautiful 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
45 	 But you know it 'll never be more than about seventy or eighty percent . Which is fine . 	 know 	 But 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
55 	 But then again I 'm not sure that Kim would be interested in seeing Shape Headquarters and you know all that kind of stuff . those military things . 	 'm 	 then again 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
57 	 Is that because he 's not sleeping and 	 Is 	 because he 's not sleeping 	 ARGM-CAU 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
59 	 %um , %um , which we had already anticipated that it was going to happen . 	 happen 	 going 	 ARGM-MOD 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
71 	 Well you know or luck making a way and making it at ease for you to 	 know 	 Well 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
79 	 But you know the weeknights is pretty crazy . 	 know 	 But 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
87 	 And she was just really concerned about you know everything . mhm you know . What the possibilities of like 	 know 	 you 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
94 	 actually it turns out that one thing , one little bit in what I was doing , %uh , is going to turn out to be very important in the end . %uh , from what I had been reading in the literature . 	 turn 	 from what I had been reading in the literature 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
107 	 Well how often are you going ? 	 going 	 Well 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
116 	 %um , and it got back to about eighty percent . 	 got 	 back 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
125 	 Unless you became C E O of the company then maybe like a thousand dollars would be taxable , right ? 	 be 	 right 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
134 	 %um and I 'll sit and talk with Anya about some things that maybe we think that it would be neat for you to see . 	 talk 	 'll 	 ARGM-MOD 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
141 	 and all of a sudden she 's getting conference papers rejected 	 rejected 	 all of a sudden 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
142 	 and my taxes here are fifty percent of income . 	 are 	 here 	 ARGM-LOC 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
155 	 But you know I always worried 	 know 	 But 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
160 	 I mean yeah 	 mean 	 yeah 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
174 	 So it 's just , l- . 	 's 	 l- 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
185 	 Somehow I had this feeling that the military taste had been beaten out of you . 	 beaten 	 out 	 ARGM-DIR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
189 	 if that was you , yeah . yeah , she was just not in 	 was 	 not 	 ARGM-NEG 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
191 	 Well I mean he does work his ass off 	 mean 	 Well 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
196 	 But you know , I mean that mhm . should n't be a big deal . %um 	 know 	 But 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
202 	 And , %uh , what happened was after I had turned in my thesis but before I saw Neil again , he went to a conference in Rochester and there this was a big issue among the people who were doing this work , was , that their models could n't show this as a driven frequency , 	 was 	 a big issue among the people who were doing this work 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
204 	 Well , I mean obviously since I work I ca n't get there until about six o'clock at night which is when everyone else gets there . 	 mean 	 Well 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
227 	 and Everybody has to keep them , Selema , everybody , everybody You know , 	 know 	 everybody 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
245 	 And you know my sister was n't that old 	 know 	 And 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
246 	 %um and I 'll sit and talk with Anya about some things that maybe we think that it would be neat for you to see . 	 sit 	 I 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
253 	 like mom said she said even if it was going to be in September , she said the little things I can tolerate you know if that happens you know . 	 know 	 you 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
260 	 oh oh Amway is probably going to have a rule though I could just 	 have 	 though I could just 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
312 	 She said they had her doing things that she really was n't qualified to do %ah . and that she really did n't feel competent doing . 	 doing 	 competent 	 ARGM-MNR 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
323 	 And he 's had 	 's 	 And 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
341 	 and remember that if you dial in Holland you need to add a zero 	 dial 	 Holland 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
352 	 I think I had mentioned before %uh , that there 's a company now that I 'm working with %um , %uh , which is very much just myself and Guss . 	 working 	 %um , %uh 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
359 	 and she said that if it was n't for Jetta you know Jasmine 's daddy would n't be 	 be 	 if it was n't for Jetta 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
369 	 I learned quick fast in a hurry because I 've gained so much weight . 	 learned 	 in a hurry 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
386 	 I mean most women you lose your baby that 's it . 	 mean 	 most women you lose your baby 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
393 	 so that 's why it 's actually a big deal is 	 is 	 a big deal 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
398 	 I think Optics Letters is probably the one that we 're shooting for , or else , perhaps , though I do n't think it 's quite that significant , would be Phys Rev Letters . 	 shooting 	 the one 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
400 	 so I decided that it would make sense to do this . 	 do 	 I 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
408 	 I just would n't go . 	 go 	 I 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
435 	 Are you going to become a dual citizen ? 	 become 	 going 	 ARGM-MOD 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
447 	 I 'll have to get somebody to help me . 	 get 	 have 	 ARGM-MOD 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
469 	 so if we get in the eighteenth or the nineteenth and then call you back %um when we get to a hotel or something like that . 	 call 	 if we get in the eighteenth or the nineteenth 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
474 	 %um , but Leo and Julie just seemed , %um sort of happy with the decisions they 've made . 	 seemed 	 %um sort of happy with the decisions they 've made 	 C-ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
483 	 we can %uh go see some stuff . 	 see 	 can 	 ARGM-MOD 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
490 	 so we 're going to owe some money to the Dutch government on her salary . 	 owe 	 so 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
508 	 And %uh With a pretty simple model you can find that frequency in a transient , 	 find 	 And 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
523 	 %um and I 'll sit and talk with Anya about some things that maybe we think that it would be neat for you to see . 	 talk 	 I 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
525 	 I said mom it is when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you . 	 said 	 mom 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
527 	 And , %uh , what happened was after I had turned in my thesis but before I saw Neil again , he went to a conference in Rochester and there this was a big issue among the people who were doing this work , was , that their models could n't show this as a driven frequency , 	 was 	 there 	 ARGM-LOC 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
530 	 but they 're winding down , so you know them really well by this point . 	 winding 	 but 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
561 	 Which one is he with . 	 is 	 Which one 	 ARG2 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
564 	 well it seemed to make sense since I had a client to just kind of set up my own company , of sorts . 	 seemed 	 well 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
569 	 And , then things seemed to be doing pretty well , 	 seemed 	 And 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
573 	 So you have no intentions of coming over this way any time soon ? 	 coming 	 you 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
597 	 I mean of course I did n't say anything to her . 	 mean 	 I did n't say anything to her 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
619 	 And , then things seemed to be doing pretty well , 	 seemed 	 then 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
620 	 But I mean you 're below the poverty line at that level . 	 mean 	 But 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
634 	 they had the same , maybe just 	 had 	 maybe 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
636 	 And she went from Penn , %um To Columbia . to Columbia to U R I . 	 went 	 To Columbia 	 ARG4 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
637 	 this place is incredibly easy to break into if you want to . 	 break 	 this place 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
641 	 I do n't know if you spoke to me before that or when it was that was happening . Or 	 happening 	 it 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
655 	 and I 've said that yeah I will give a urine sample or a blood sample if they call me back for those , but they 're going to have to pay my trip back to the states . because there 's no bases in Holland and I 'm not going to pay out of my own expenses to go to Germany or something for them . 	 pay 	 to go to Germany or something for them 	 ARG3 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
669 	 You know everybody 's kind of passed away , almost . 	 passed 	 kind of 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
676 	 and all I had to do was get on it and follow it . 	 get 	 I 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
687 	 That we were abusing , 	 abusing 	 That 	 R-ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
689 	 %um . I do n't see the finances occurring uh-huh , right . for a while . 	 see 	 right 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
698 	 and all I had to do was get on it and follow it . 	 follow 	 I 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
716 	 But we got to see Den Haag and places like that too which we 're obviously not going to see this time . 	 see 	 obviously 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
721 	 and I think they would then feel guilty for not inviting me . 	 feel 	 for not inviting me 	 ARGM-CAU 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
725 	 %uh I mean if they denied my citizenship and I became a citizen here I probably would n't be a horror either , 	 mean 	 if they denied my citizenship and I became a citizen here I probably would n't be a horror either 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
735 	 but I think he 's at a point now where he 's reserved us of that %um , you know that she may end up going %um to %uh t- 	 reserved 	 of that 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
739 	 So if you want we can take a ride and go see stuff at night 	 see 	 at night 	 ARGM-TMP 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
743 	 %hm . we 'll see what happens . 	 see 	 %hm 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
744 	 we 're going to be in need of some sort of accountant do it cause I have no clue how that all works . 	 be 	 going 	 ARGM-MOD 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
767 	 And I was in the inactive reserves the entire time I was in college too . 	 was 	 too 	 ARGM-DIS 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
772 	 So if you want we can take a ride and go see stuff at night 	 go 	 we 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
773 	 Which you know , given how far he 's gotten , you know , he got his degree at Tufts and all , I found that surprising that for the first time as an adult they 're diagnosing this . %um 	 know 	 Which 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
777 	 like mom said she said even if it was going to be in September , she said the little things I can tolerate you know if that happens you know . 	 know 	 if that happens 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
778 	 but I 'm planning on making a trip down to visit her . 	 making 	 I 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
781 	 And she was just really concerned about you know everything . mhm you know . What the possibilities of like 	 know 	 everything 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
789 	 and %mm . that cost me a lot of time . 	 cost 	 that 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
793 	 just all of Lorraine 's friends . mhm . Who you know of course most of them mom and dad had at least met once before . 	 know 	 Who 	 ARG1 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
825 	 did they do like %uh the same thing they had to do last time ? 	 do 	 they 	 ARG0 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
830 	 just all of Lorraine 's friends . mhm . Who you know of course most of them mom and dad had at least met once before . 	 know 	 of course 	 ARGM-ADV 	 redundant 	 correct 	 None 	 None
