8 	 I kind of want to 	 want 	 to 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
33 	 and %um it 's just been quite interesting although when she was in Rhode Island she was very disruptive , %um down there and really caused Francis a lot of stress 	 been 	 it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
76 	 And it 'll be exactly what I want 	 want 	 exactly what 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
80 	 Alice , I 've never seen anybody eat as much as he does 	 seen 	 Alice 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
85 	 and she had to keep reminding herself . 	 reminding 	 herself 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
88 	 Well I 'm figuring it out fast because -- okay -- with not working out and all yeah . it 's pretty miserable my crunch tape . 	 's 	 it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
91 	 so I decided that it would make sense to do this . 	 make 	 to do this 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
103 	 or maybe I 'll just call you when we get in Holland just to let you know we 're there , 	 get 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
129 	 %um , they had just moved to He 's in New York now , right ? a really nice house in Westchester . 	 's 	 He 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
148 	 So if you do n't have any ideas we 'll just put something together for you . 	 put 	 together 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
153 	 And , %uh %huh the most worthwhile thing as far as monetary value went that they stole was the pre-amplifier of my stereo . Unfortunately , because it 's a nice pre-amplifier , 	 went 	 monetary value 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
183 	 I remember So you talking a little bit about it at one point . 	 talking 	 about it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
210 	 I found a gym yesterday here that 's only eight pounds a month which is like twelve dollars , twelve fifty 	 is 	 only eight pounds a month 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
219 	 and she has more time to be a parent . 	 be 	 she 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
220 	 you went through like the thirty six two process . 	 went 	 you 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
240 	 For a woman who is lifting not that much I do n't think yeah . You would . 	 lifting 	 not that much 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
267 	 well it seemed to make sense since I had a client to just kind of set up my own company , of sorts . 	 make 	 it 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
274 	 And then %um , I 'm not exactly sure what it is now . 	 'm 	 then 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
326 	 You know , I mean , we 're d- , you know , 	 're 	 d- 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
343 	 and just remember to ask for her mother . 	 ask 	 for her mother 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
355 	 And so %uh , that 's yeah at least dealt with . 	 dealt 	 with 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
357 	 if that was you , yeah . yeah , she was just not in 	 was 	 in 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
373 	 so that 's why it 's actually a big deal is 	 's 	 why 	 ARGM-CAU 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
387 	 At least Well that would make sense during the summer %uh according to the stipulations of my fellowship , I can actually earn money during the summer . 	 make 	 sense 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
410 	 And so it 's 	 's 	 it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
426 	 The only thing is , that , when you do the experiment you see it . 	 do 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
431 	 I said mom it is when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you . 	 know 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
440 	 I mean you lay her down on the bed 	 lay 	 on the bed 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
449 	 it was just that no one really knew it was worth breaking into . 	 was 	 it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
457 	 And one of the things that they find experimentally are what they call anti phased , %uh , states , where if you look at the total intensity uh-huh . of the laser , you get an oscillation which is characterized by one frequency . 	 get 	 anti phased , %uh , states 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
475 	 it 'll probably be about five thousand dollars the portion of this year that I 'm in Oregon 	 be 	 it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
492 	 you know even after you left I said , I just hope Arlita knows that you know I tried my best you know 	 knows 	 that you know I tried my best you know 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
517 	 yeah , Good . an older home that you know Julie is of course carving up and making beautiful . %um 	 carving 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
518 	 So yeah , that particular frequency according to most models damps out very quickly . 	 damps 	 according to most models 	 ARGM-ADV 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
535 	 I mean you 're 	 're 	 you 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
541 	 And one of the things that they find experimentally are what they call anti phased , %uh , states , where if you look at the total intensity uh-huh . of the laser , you get an oscillation which is characterized by one frequency . 	 get 	 where 	 R-ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
567 	 I figured there was something like that because 	 figured 	 because 	 ARGM-CAU 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
578 	 so you 're pushing forward the bounds of theoretical laser , %uh , whatever it is science . 	 is 	 whatever 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
586 	 I said mom it is when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you . 	 have 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
588 	 and you know she talked about %um her sisters you know and things 	 talked 	 about %um her sisters you know and things 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
589 	 Well , I mean obviously since I work I ca n't get there until about six o'clock at night which is when everyone else gets there . 	 get 	 obviously 	 ARGM-ADV 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
592 	 but I think he 's at a point now where he 's reserved us of that %um , you know that she may end up going %um to %uh t- 	 reserved 	 a point 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
595 	 Adele was carrying on that she thought she was at a funeral 	 carrying 	 that she thought she was at a funeral 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
596 	 and then she came over here , and %um , checked out a room here . 	 checked 	 then 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
607 	 So when I 'm still riding the bike she 's completely finished her weight lifting routine . 	 riding 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
609 	 you know that 's 	 's 	 that 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
640 	 I said mom it is when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you . 	 believe 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
648 	 I said you know it 's a shame that you ca n't go no place and I can get a good report on you you know , %um , and by her going to Francis and things , and Francis seeing for herself , 	 go 	 ca 	 ARGM-MOD 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
677 	 but I think he 's at a point now where he 's reserved us of that %um , you know that she may end up going %um to %uh t- 	 end 	 going %um to %uh t- 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
690 	 and she climbs up the stairs , Selema . 	 climbs 	 Selema 	 ARGM-DIS 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
693 	 it 'll probably be about five thousand dollars the portion of this year that I 'm in Oregon 	 'm 	 that 	 R-ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
712 	 and we go through a box of cereal every two days . 	 go 	 through a box of cereal 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
722 	 I said mom it is when you believe in Allah , when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah , only Allah can make the way clear for you . 	 give 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
732 	 but I think he 's at a point now where he 's reserved us of that %um , you know that she may end up going %um to %uh t- 	 reserved 	 where 	 R-ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
768 	 oh man %uh it was 	 was 	 it 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
782 	 At least Well that would make sense during the summer %uh according to the stipulations of my fellowship , I can actually earn money during the summer . 	 make 	 that 	 ARG0 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
783 	 Which one is he with . 	 is 	 with 	 ARG2 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
797 	 and mhm %um you know . It feels like maybe she made a compromise 	 feels 	 It 	 ARG1 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
803 	 I 'll give you a call when we arrive in h- , 	 arrive 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
806 	 With your parents when your father was stationed over here , right ? 	 stationed 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
812 	 so if we get in the eighteenth or the nineteenth and then call you back %um when we get to a hotel or something like that . 	 get 	 when 	 ARGM-TMP 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
824 	 it 's Frau in German 	 's 	 in German 	 ARGM-LOC 	 right 	 incorrect 	 None 	 None
