4 	 He said exactly what the Indians wanted to hear , which is that the dispute over Kashmir between India and Pakistan should be solved bilaterally and that there should be no outside interference , as he put it in this question . 	 dispute 	 15 	 between India and Pakistan 	 ARG0 	 [17, 21] 	 right 	 None 	 what is first (or all) arguer(s) of dispute ? 	 yes 	 India and Pakistan
6 	 Egypt 's President Hosni Mubarak has called on Israeli leaders to stop talking about war and to make peace with the Palestinians and Syria . 	 make 	 18 	 with the Palestinians and Syria 	 ARG2 	 [19, 24] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is created-from, thing changed of make ? 	 yes 	 peace
18 	 The next morning , August 1998 , the FBI sent out a classified message , under Director Louis Freeh 's name , warning of a plot to attack a U.S. Navy ship in Yemen . 	 sent 	 10 	 warning of a plot to attack a U.S. Navy ship in Yemen 	 C-ARG1 	 [22, 34] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is sent of sent ? 	 yes 	 a classified message
19 	 Characters proliferate out of the imagination of the narrator so that at a certain point , you have a new he , you have a new she , you have a you , and each one of these characters tells stories , each story of which is designed to give you a deeper sense of the richness and the complexity of life in China . 	 give 	 50 	 each story of which 	 ARG0 	 [42, 46] 	 right 	 None 	 what is giver of give ? 	 yes 	 each story
20 	 That 's an interesting question because Vladimir Putin on Wednesday addressed the Indian Parliament just as Bill Clinton had done six months ago , and I think it 's safe to say that Mr. Putin actually probably accomplished more than Mr. Clinton did in the hard concrete terms of arms sales and that sort of thing , but it was Mr. Clinton that stole the Indian lawmakers ' hearts . 	 was 	 60 	 that stole the Indian lawmakers ' hearts 	 ARG1 	 [62, 69] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of was ? 	 yes 	 Mr. Clinton
32 	 Republican leaders for their part said reopening the tax debate is not now realistic and the tax cut bill is probably tombed . 	 is 	 20 	 tombed 	 ARG2 	 [21, 22] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is instrument or benefactive or attribute of is ? 	 yes 	 probably tombed
39 	 Russia has very little influence with Pakistan , but of course Russia supplies India with 70 % of its military hardware and that was of course the second pillar here of Mr. Putin 's visit , which was to finalize some very substantial arms deals . 	 deals 	 45 	 arms 	 ARG1 	 [43, 44] 	 label_error 	 ARG2 	 what is subject/type of transaction of deals ? 	 yes 	 arms deals
50 	 Mr. President , it is , I believe , a sign of genuine friendship that we are able to have disagreements , but remain firm partners . 	 is 	 5 	 it 	 ARG1 	 [3, 4] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is topic of is ? 	 yes 	 a sign of genuine friendship that we are able to have disagreements , but remain firm partners
61 	 Bonnaroo is kind of this going example of what the whole jam band community is turned in . 	 going 	 6 	 example 	 ARG0 	 [6, 7] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is entity in motion/goer of going ? 	 yes 	 Bonnaroo
62 	 He died yesterday of renal failure and complications from pneumonia . 	 complications 	 8 	 from pneumonia 	 ARG0 	 [8, 10] 	 right 	 None 	 what is the subject or the initiator of complications ? 	 yes 	 pneumonia
74 	 As much as I 'd love to spend every day after school sucking up to teachers instead of hanging with my friends , I do n't want this job . 	 sucking 	 13 	 to teachers 	 ARG2 	 [14, 16] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is entity sucked of sucking ? 	 yes 	 teachers
75 	 As Dave Gavlak reports , the US Cole was towed out of the Aden Harbor to a waiting Norwegian transport ship , that will actually carry the damaged destroyer home . 	 reports 	 4 	 the US Cole 	 ARG1 	 [5, 8] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is theme (what is reported) of reports ? 	 yes 	 the US Cole was towed out of the Aden Harbor to a waiting Norwegian transport ship, that will actually carry the damaged destroyer home
91 	 This song is from their latest play , The Last Train for Serbia , which was recorded on the day protestors stormed the federal parliament in Belgrade and the main television stations . 	 recorded 	 17 	 The Last Train for Serbia 	 ARG1 	 [8, 13] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is record of recorded ? 	 yes 	 their latest play , **The Last Train for Serbia**
96 	 In what may have been a ripple effect of the Middle East crisis , an explosion today killed at least four sailors on a US Navy destroyer in the Yemeni port of Aden . 	 been 	 5 	 what 	 ARG1 	 [1, 2] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of been ? 	 yes 	 a ripple effect of the Middle East crisis
98 	 This is what the 747 slammed into Tuesday night in a blinding rain storm . 	 slammed 	 6 	 into 	 ARG2 	 [6, 7] 	 right 	 None 	 what is instrument, thing hit by or with of slammed ? 	 yes 	 Tuesday night
107 	 The reason they are picking that particular day is it allows , Brian , enough time for the aggrieved party , the losing party to file within 10 days a contest of the certification and that still allows enough time for the contest to be litigated through the courts primarily the circuit court and back to the Supreme Court if necessary and still meet the December 12 deadline for the Electoral College vote here . 	 picking 	 5 	 they 	 ARG0 	 [2, 3] 	 right 	 None 	 what is picker of picking ? 	 yes 	 that particular day
119 	 Arafat deliberately launched it in order to attract the attention of the world by paying with the blood of his own people . 	 attract 	 8 	 Arafat 	 ARG0 	 [0, 1] 	 right 	 None 	 what is attractor of attract ? 	 yes 	 the attention of the world
123 	 So , I think terrorists prevented from attacking their targets using their more conventional means ` truck bombs ' have merely adjusted their tactics slightly and obviously they have been successful with it today . 	 using 	 11 	 terrorists 	 ARG0 	 [4, 5] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is User of using ? 	 yes 	 terrorists prevented from attacking their targets
127 	 Positive Black Soul are now the oldsters of Dakar 's hip - hop scene and they have established the template of social consciousness that many Senegalese hip - hop groups follow like Bootin Bye , which recently scored this hit about AIDS prevention . 	 follow 	 31 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [23, 24] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing followed of follow ? 	 yes 	 the template of social consciousness
129 	 Colonel Taffiq Terrawi , a director of Palestinian intelligence , was briefly detained by Israeli soldiers at a West Bank road block , where they confiscated an Israeli permit that grants him free movement in and out of the area . 	 movement 	 34 	 in and out of the area 	 ARGM-LOC 	 [34, 40] 	 label_error 	 ARG2 	 what is instrument or benefactive or attribute of movement ? 	 yes 	 an Israeli permit
136 	 The little town I was in this southern Iraq , as far as I got , I ca n't boast of further , is where the talks took place . 	 boast 	 20 	 of 	 ARG1 	 [20, 21] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is thing proud of of boast ? 	 yes 	 further
147 	 Western hip - hop lyrics often revolve around the accumulation of material wealth and throwing parties . 	 revolve 	 7 	 Western hip - hop lyrics 	 ARG1 	 [0, 5] 	 right 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of revolve ? 	 yes 	 the accumulation of material wealth and throwing parties
149 	 Sharon would have to undergo rounds of chemotherapy all summer . 	 undergo 	 5 	 Sharon 	 ARG1 	 [0, 1] 	 right 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of undergo ? 	 yes 	 rounds of chemotherapy
162 	 He gets a second chest X-ray , discovers that he does n't have lung cancer , recognizes that by virtue of the kinds of things that he is writing , his openness to Western literary ideas , that he is in political trouble again , and so he sets out on an extraordinary odyssey of some 15,000 kilometers , mostly on foot , which he takes through southwestern China . 	 writing 	 29 	 he 	 ARG0 	 [26, 27] 	 right 	 None 	 what is writer of writing ? 	 yes 	 the kinds of things that he is writing
167 	 David any reaction from the Bush team on the Democrats ' plan to contest the vote in Miami - Dade ? 	 reaction 	 3 	 on the Democrats ' plan to contest the vote in Miami - Dade 	 ARG1 	 [7, 20] 	 right 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of reaction ? 	 yes 	 the Democrats ' plan to contest the vote in Miami - Dade
171 	 Gao Xingjian arrived in Stockholm this week and when he leaves the Chinese born writer will have something extra in his suitcase , the Nobel Prize for Literature . 	 born 	 14 	 Chinese 	 ARG1 	 [12, 13] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is child of born ? 	 yes 	 writer
175 	 `` I Hope You Dance , '' by Lee Ann Womack , was awarded Single of the Year and Song of the Year . 	 awarded 	 14 	 `` I Hope You Dance , '' by Lee Ann Womack , 	 ARG1 	 [0, 12] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is topic of awarded ? 	 yes 	 Single of the Year and Song of the Year
176 	 When you talk about Arafat and the people around him , you have to understand how young this population really is -- how volatile , how close to exploding it really is . 	 is 	 32 	 it 	 ARG1 	 [29, 30] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of is ? 	 yes 	 this population
180 	 All the other ports that have been mentioned here that we should have considered as options have had specific threats . 	 considered 	 14 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [4, 5] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is entity under consideration of considered ? 	 yes 	 All the other ports that have been mentioned here
184 	 It very well could , although , I must say that the Gore campaign has been somewhat disappointed by the number of votes they have not received thus far in the counties that are undertaking the manual recounts , Brian , but a lot of hand counts still must be tallied . 	 received 	 27 	 that 	 R-ARG0 	 [32, 33] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is receiver of received ? 	 yes 	 they
188 	 On the other hand we have Egypt which was the first Arab country to make peace with the Jewish state , which is of course also a top recipient of US aid . 	 make 	 15 	 with the Jewish state 	 ARG2 	 [16, 20] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is created-from, thing changed of make ? 	 yes 	 peace
193 	 Those puppies are in for a heck of a surprise when they do open their eyes , are n't they ? 	 are 	 18 	 they 	 ARG1 	 [19, 20] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of are ? 	 yes 	 Those puppies
204 	 Recapping the developments of this disturbing day in the Middle East and the Arabian Peninsula -- at least six American sailors are dead , 11 still missing and 35 injured after what intelligence experts say was a well - planned terrorist bombing that ripped a 20 x 40 - foot hole in the Navy destroyer `` USS Cole '' in the Yemeni port of Aden . 	 injured 	 30 	 35 	 ARG1 	 [28, 29] 	 right 	 None 	 what is injured entity (body part if arg0 is possessor) of injured ? 	 yes 	 American sailors
205 	 This is another thing that the Indians were glad to hear him say , and he also said that both India and Russia suffer from the same sort of terrorism , as he put it , referring of course to the separatist militancies in Chechnya and Russia and in Jammu and Kashmir . 	 referring 	 37 	 to the separatist militancies in Chechnya and Russia and in Jammu and Kashmir 	 ARG1 	 [39, 52] 	 right 	 None 	 what is labelled of referring ? 	 yes 	 the separatist militancies in Chechnya and Russia and in Jammu and Kashmir
206 	 We have two producers , I believe , near the front of the line . 	 have 	 2 	 near the front of the line 	 C-ARG1 	 [8, 14] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is possession of have ? 	 yes 	 two producers
210 	 One only has to recall the bombing of the US Marine barracks in Lebanon in 1983 , also a month before presidential election , also at a time when Israel was involving suitable ferment at that point in Lebanon now with the Palestinians , where the United States was also attempting actively to provide some stabilizing influence and unfortunately and tragically got caught up in the maelstrom and that seems to be the salient fact of this attack . 	 involving 	 32 	 the United States 	 ARG0 	 [45, 48] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is causer of inclusion of involving ? 	 yes 	 Israel
213 	 Frustration too that Moammar Khaddafi was immune from prosecution , one of the ground rules here . 	 rules 	 15 	 ground 	 ARGM-ADJ 	 [13, 14] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is domain the rule applies to of rules ? 	 yes 	 here
214 	 This is another thing that the Indians were glad to hear him say , and he also said that both India and Russia suffer from the same sort of terrorism , as he put it , referring of course to the separatist militancies in Chechnya and Russia and in Jammu and Kashmir . 	 were 	 8 	 another thing 	 ARG1 	 [2, 4] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is topic of were ? 	 yes 	 the Indians
215 	 They say , Okay , we have lost this round , Do you mind if we keep your helicopters in the air just to be able to transport things ? and he says , Yeah , that 's all right . 	 transport 	 28 	 we 	 ARG0 	 [15, 16] 	 right 	 None 	 what is transporter of transport ? 	 yes 	 your helicopters
221 	 Characters proliferate out of the imagination of the narrator so that at a certain point , you have a new he , you have a new she , you have a you , and each one of these characters tells stories , each story of which is designed to give you a deeper sense of the richness and the complexity of life in China . 	 designed 	 48 	 each story of which 	 ARG1 	 [42, 46] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing designed of designed ? 	 yes 	 each story
224 	 I think there 's been too much emphasis on performance defined strictly by stock performance and earnings per share . 	 performance 	 15 	 stock 	 ARG1 	 [13, 14] 	 right 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of performance ? 	 yes 	 stock performance and earnings per share
225 	 Nonetheless , the fact that she did meet with Bashar Al - Assad and it was n't Saudi Arabia which is traditionally being more dovish and has supported US policy , it is significant . 	 supported 	 28 	 Saudi Arabia 	 ARG0 	 [17, 19] 	 right 	 None 	 what is helper of supported ? 	 yes 	 has
229 	 We have seen some more power techniques perhaps from his Foreign Minister Amre Moussa over the last few weeks , but Amre Moussa today at the Foreign Minister 's meeting was calling simply for the return of East Jerusalem to the Palestinians , in stark contrast to Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al - Shara who was pulling for a complete cut in diplomatic relations between Israel and the two Arab states that happen . 	 return 	 36 	 to the Palestinians 	 ARG2 	 [39, 42] 	 right 	 None 	 what is entity given to of return ? 	 yes 	 the Palestinians
236 	 As much as I 'd love to spend every day after school sucking up to teachers instead of hanging with my friends , I do n't want this job . 	 hanging 	 19 	 I 	 ARG0 	 [3, 4] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is entity in the position of hanging ? 	 yes 	 my friends
242 	 If you can stay and make it happen , the place where you was born , where you grew up then try to make it there . 	 try 	 22 	 the place where you was born , where you grew up then 	 ARG0 	 [9, 21] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is Agent/Entity Trying of try ? 	 yes 	 you
243 	 Well , actually President Mubarak was very categorical today in condemning calls for war , which he said were very serious and people should understand the implications of just what it meant . 	 were 	 19 	 which 	 ARG1 	 [15, 16] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of were ? 	 yes 	 calls for war
257 	 A man who had assault , he actually had assault with a deadly weapon , this is pictures . 	 had 	 9 	 he 	 ARG0 	 [6, 7] 	 right 	 None 	 what is owner of had ? 	 yes 	 A man
261 	 So being Milosevic is something which I can compare to taking a dangerous drug . 	 being 	 2 	 Milosevic 	 ARG2 	 [2, 3] 	 right 	 None 	 what is comment of being ? 	 yes 	 something which I can compare to taking a dangerous drug
263 	 And President Clinton met with Israeli and Palestinian peace negotiators today to decide his next move in pushing for a Mideast peace agreement . 	 pushing 	 18 	 his 	 ARG0 	 [13, 14] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is forcer, pusher of pushing ? 	 yes 	 President Clinton
265 	 Last week federal regulators imposed a so - called soft cap on California , which requires power firms to justify prices above 150 dollars per megawatt hour . 	 imposed 	 5 	 which requires power firms to justify prices above 150 dollars per megawatt hour 	 C-ARG1 	 [14, 27] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing imposed of imposed ? 	 yes 	 a so - called soft cap on California
268 	 So on balance I do n't think that the Indians heard anything from Mr. Putin that they did not want to hear . 	 hear 	 22 	 they 	 ARG0 	 [16, 17] 	 right 	 None 	 what is hearer of hear ? 	 yes 	 the Indians
278 	 At the same time , work continues to bring the young people of our countries closer together through language , teaching , school exchanges and university programs . 	 continues 	 7 	 to bring the young people of our countries closer together through language , teaching , school exchanges and university programs 	 C-ARG1 	 [7, 27] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing continuing of continues ? 	 yes 	 work
281 	 I think the real next step here is for compensation committees to spend a little more time than they do on what they 're really compensating for . 	 spend 	 13 	 on what they 're really compensating for 	 ARG2 	 [20, 27] 	 right 	 None 	 what is activity of spend ? 	 yes 	 a little more time than they do on what they're really compensating for
283 	 Other POWs from Iraq after they were captured and released , that dramatic release that Sunday morning when they were picked up by a squadron of Marines who had wandered in a town in Baghdad and were told where they were being kept . 	 told 	 38 	 who 	 R-ARG2 	 [27, 28] 	 right 	 None 	 what is Hearer of told ? 	 yes 	 a squadron of Marines
290 	 Luster skipped bail during his trial in January for raping and drugging three women . 	 raping 	 10 	 his 	 ARG0 	 [4, 5] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is assaulter, agent of raping ? 	 yes 	 Luster
316 	 Do you mean if I start with the Past ? 	 mean 	 3 	 if I start with the Past 	 ARGM-ADV 	 [3, 9] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is element containing meaning of mean ? 	 yes 	 **if I start with the Past**
333 	 The Pacific Rim leaders will discuss an array of economic issues Wednesday and Thursday , including high oil prices and the boom in electronic commerce . 	 discuss 	 6 	 including high oil prices and the boom in electronic commerce 	 C-ARG1 	 [15, 25] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of discuss ? 	 yes 	 an array of economic issues
334 	 This is a guy whose world revolves not so much around music as around his wife . 	 revolves 	 7 	 whose world 	 ARG1 	 [4, 6] 	 right 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of revolves ? 	 yes 	 his wife
335 	 All the other ports that have been mentioned here that we should have considered as options have had specific threats . 	 mentioned 	 8 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [9, 10] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is utterance, entity being mentioned of mentioned ? 	 yes 	 All the other ports that have been mentioned here that we should have considered as options
336 	 Reports from China say North Korean President Kim Jong Il is planning to announce economic reforms for his country . 	 announce 	 14 	 for his country 	 ARG3 	 [16, 19] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is attribute of arg1 of announce ? 	 yes 	 North Korean
337 	 Electrical resources in the West Coast state are stretched to their limit with a looming threat of rolling blackouts . 	 rolling 	 18 	 threat 	 ARG1 	 [15, 16] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is thing rolled or rolling of rolling ? 	 yes 	 blackouts
340 	 As we heard from David Gregory , one of Governor Bush 's main themes in these last days of the campaign is getting rid of partisan gridlock in Washington , which was exactly what the President was talking about today -- an attempt to reopen debate on a $ 240 billion tax cut plan , saying the version House Republicans passed is unacceptable , because it is unfair , according to the President , to children and seniors . 	 is 	 22 	 rid of partisan gridlock in Washington , which was exactly what the President was talking about today -- an attempt to reopen debate on a $ 240 billion tax cut plan , saying the version House Republicans passed is unacceptable , because it is unfair , according to the President , to children and seniors 	 ARG2 	 [23, 78] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is instrument or benefactive or attribute of is ? 	 yes 	 getting rid of partisan gridlock in Washington , which was exactly what the President was talking about today -- an attempt to reopen debate on a $ 240 billion tax cut plan , saying the version House Republicans passed is unacceptable , because it is unfair , according to the President , to children and seniors
350 	 They say , Okay , we have lost this round , Do you mind if we keep your helicopters in the air just to be able to transport things ? and he says , Yeah , that 's all right . 	 keep 	 17 	 you 	 ARG0 	 [12, 13] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is causer of continued action of keep ? 	 yes 	 we
360 	 The Scotts ran it past their vet and the vet assured them , as long as the hen left her crate to do business , she was no harm to the pup . 	 assured 	 11 	 them 	 ARG2 	 [11, 12] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is assured one of assured ? 	 yes 	 she was no harm to the pup
364 	 17 sailors were killed and dozens were injured when the explosion blew a huge hole into the hull of the Navy destroyer as it was refueling in Aden . 	 refueling 	 26 	 it 	 ARG0 	 [23, 24] 	 right 	 None 	 what is provider of fuel, agent of refueling ? 	 yes 	 the Navy destroyer
368 	 We do have to try to reduce the violee and take a turn back for a period of calmness so that we can move back to a peace process , but even if the violence subsides , Israelis and Palestinians will still have to deal with an open wound -- a scar so long and so deep from these last two weeks , it may be years before there is a real effort at talking peace again . 	 be 	 66 	 before there is a real effort at talking peace again 	 ARGM-TMP 	 [67, 77] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is topic of be ? 	 yes 	 years
376 	 As we heard from David Gregory , one of Governor Bush 's main themes in these last days of the campaign is getting rid of partisan gridlock in Washington , which was exactly what the President was talking about today -- an attempt to reopen debate on a $ 240 billion tax cut plan , saying the version House Republicans passed is unacceptable , because it is unfair , according to the President , to children and seniors . 	 is 	 22 	 getting 	 ARG2 	 [22, 23] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is instrument or benefactive or attribute of is ? 	 yes 	 getting rid of partisan gridlock in Washington
377 	 This is another thing that the Indians were glad to hear him say , and he also said that both India and Russia suffer from the same sort of terrorism , as he put it , referring of course to the separatist militancies in Chechnya and Russia and in Jammu and Kashmir . 	 were 	 8 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [4, 5] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is topic of were ? 	 yes 	 the Indians
397 	 What I was referring to in that quote you had was the number of cases we see day in and day out at the lowest levels , scams and so forth , where considerable amounts of money are being made and lost by relatively small investors . 	 had 	 10 	 What 	 ARG1 	 [0, 1] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is possession of had ? 	 yes 	 that quote
399 	 We have seen some more power techniques perhaps from his Foreign Minister Amre Moussa over the last few weeks , but Amre Moussa today at the Foreign Minister 's meeting was calling simply for the return of East Jerusalem to the Palestinians , in stark contrast to Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al - Shara who was pulling for a complete cut in diplomatic relations between Israel and the two Arab states that happen . 	 calling 	 32 	 for the return of East Jerusalem to the Palestinians 	 ARG1 	 [33, 42] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing being demanded of calling ? 	 yes 	 the return of East Jerusalem to the Palestinians
401 	 Just one last thing quoting him and I wonder if you could respond to this , Christopher , he said at the very beginning of his wonderful speech to the Nobel Prize Committee , he said , `` I do not wish to waste this talk on literature by saying too much about politics and history , What I want to do is to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual . '' 	 do 	 62 	 What 	 ARG1 	 [57, 58] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing done of do ? 	 yes 	 to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual
408 	 We have a vibrant and exciting relationship from which we both derive mass benefit . 	 derive 	 12 	 a vibrant and exciting relationship 	 ARG0 	 [2, 7] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is creator of derive ? 	 yes 	 we both
412 	 Most significant , demonstrators who had been throwing stones this week , today turned to gasoline bombs . 	 had 	 6 	 who 	 R-ARG0 	 [4, 5] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is the subject or the initiator of had ? 	 yes 	 demonstrators
419 	 Moving ahead now to a developing story , the hunt for so - called smoking gun , meant to prove that Iraq was developing weapons of mass destruction . 	 Moving 	 1 	 to a developing story , the hunt for so - called smoking gun , meant to prove that Iraq was developing weapons of mass destruction 	 ARG2 	 [3, 28] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is destination of Moving ? 	 yes 	 to a developing story
426 	 The blast , which occurred just after noon local time in Yemen , ripped a 20 x 40 foot gash in the USS Cole , a state - of - the - art destroyer that had stopped in Aden to refuel before joining the carrier George Washington in the Persian Gulf . 	 refuel 	 41 	 that 	 ARG0 	 [34, 35] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is entity refueled of refuel ? 	 yes 	 the USS Cole
434 	 Recapping the developments of this disturbing day in the Middle East and the Arabian Peninsula -- at least six American sailors are dead , 11 still missing and 35 injured after what intelligence experts say was a well - planned terrorist bombing that ripped a 20 x 40 - foot hole in the Navy destroyer `` USS Cole '' in the Yemeni port of Aden . 	 missing 	 27 	 11 	 ARG1 	 [24, 25] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing longed for, thing lacking of missing ? 	 yes 	 American sailors
438 	 He sat out 1 term after losing a U.S Senate race in the 1960s , but for 24 terms , Yates represented Chicago 's northern lake front and northern suburbs . 	 sat 	 2 	 He 	 ARG1 	 [0, 1] 	 right 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of sat ? 	 yes 	 1 term
440 	 Will it put Al Gore over the top in the race to match and exceed the votes of George W. Bush ? 	 exceed 	 15 	 Al Gore 	 ARG0 	 [3, 5] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is thing that's more of exceed ? 	 yes 	 the votes of George W. Bush
444 	 I think a number of the reforms that have come via the Sarbanes - Oxley Act and a number of things that we have done at the SEC are basically making everybody take a new look at how they 're performing their duty as a director , how they 're performing their duties on audit committees and compensation committees and in Wall Street . 	 done 	 25 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [7, 8] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is thing done of done ? 	 yes 	 a number of things
449 	 I think what the show does is also show that you might be those things , but also might be a pretty great dad , too . 	 be 	 20 	 you 	 ARG1 	 [10, 11] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of be ? 	 yes 	 those things
451 	 There was none of that for Mr. Putin , but he did receive a very warm welcome , although most ordinary Indians who were actually rather captivated by Mr. Clinton 's visit did not really pay much attention to Mr. Putin 's visit . 	 were 	 24 	 who 	 R-ARG1 	 [22, 23] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of were ? 	 yes 	 most ordinary Indians
457 	 As Greg Lefevre reports , many stores have sold out of the game even before its release . 	 sold 	 9 	 of the game 	 ARG1 	 [10, 13] 	 right 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of sold ? 	 yes 	 the game
459 	 I just want to get home , never been so ready to get back to the United States . 	 get 	 5 	 I 	 ARG1 	 [0, 1] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing in motion of get ? 	 yes 	 home
464 	 Israeli and Palestinian negotiators met separately at the White House with President Bill Clinton in hopes of restarting direct negotiations between them for a final settlement . 	 met 	 5 	 with President Bill Clinton 	 ARG1 	 [10, 14] 	 right 	 None 	 what is other party of met ? 	 yes 	 President Bill Clinton
465 	 Well , actually President Mubarak was very categorical today in condemning calls for war , which he said were very serious and people should understand the implications of just what it meant . 	 was 	 6 	 in condemning calls for war , which he said were very serious and people should understand the implications of just what it meant 	 ARGM-ADV 	 [9, 32] 	 label_error 	 C-ARG2 	 what is comment of was ? 	 yes 	 very categorical today in condemning calls for war
467 	 He was right about that , but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen - years war where the United States could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we 're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in `91 when it could have been finished . 	 criticized 	 28 	 a dozen - years war 	 ARG1 	 [16, 21] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is entity being criticized of criticized ? 	 yes 	 for doing too little and acting too slowly
470 	 Though pushed back , filming commenced last fall on a second season of `` the Osbournes . '' 	 commenced 	 6 	 on a second season of `` the Osbournes 	 ARGM-TMP 	 [8, 16] 	 label_error 	 C-ARG1 	 what is Theme(-Creation) of commenced ? 	 yes 	 filming
472 	 Well , thank you very much for the update . 	 thank 	 3 	 for the update 	 ARG2 	 [6, 9] 	 right 	 None 	 what is for what? of thank ? 	 yes 	 the update
477 	 Sharon is dealing with the diagnosis and illness but what 's interesting is humor is the same . 	 is 	 13 	 humor 	 ARG2 	 [13, 14] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is comment of is ? 	 yes 	 humor is the same
480 	 In fact his visit has somewhat been ignored and in fact the main news story here in India has been sort of a local controversy over the roll - back of fuel prices rather than Mr. Putin 's visit , but he did do what he had to do and he certainly strengthened ties in a strategic sense between Russia and India . 	 had 	 47 	 to do 	 R-ARG0 	 [47, 49] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is the subject or the initiator of had ? 	 yes 	 he
481 	 Earlier reports said he was shot in the back , as well as the stomach . 	 shot 	 6 	 in the back , as well as the stomach 	 ARG3 	 [6, 15] 	 right 	 None 	 what is specific location of wound of shot ? 	 yes 	 in the back, as well as the stomach
491 	 The FBI says when they questioned him , he told them of another plot to bomb an American ship in Yemen , where the `` USS Cole '' was ultimately attacked . 	 plot 	 14 	 to bomb an American ship in Yemen , where the `` USS Cole '' was ultimately attacked 	 ARG1 	 [14, 31] 	 right 	 None 	 what is plotted action, plan of plot ? 	 yes 	 to bomb an American ship in Yemen
500 	 Today investigators say the pilot had confirmed with the control tower moments before taking off he had turned onto the correct runway but pilots behind him say he turned onto the wrong runway . 	 taking 	 14 	 he 	 ARG0 	 [15, 16] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is the subject or the initiator of taking ? 	 yes 	 the pilot
508 	 We have two producers , I believe , near the front of the line . 	 believe 	 7 	 We have two producers 	 ARG1 	 [0, 4] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is believed of believe ? 	 yes 	 We have two producers near the front of the line
509 	 Today was D - Day in the murder trial which in the end brought some relief . 	 was 	 2 	 D - Day 	 ARG2 	 [2, 5] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is comment of was ? 	 yes 	 D - Day in the murder trial which in the end brought some relief
514 	 I hate these people that go , we 've been married for 56 years and never had a bad word . 	 go 	 6 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [4, 5] 	 label_error 	 R-ARG0 	 what is Sayer of go ? 	 yes 	 these people
515 	 And some people are surprised and I might even add pleased in this city that your SEC has been quick to react when Phil Purcell of Morgan Stanley made a statement that your SEC did n't think and that you did n't think expressed appropriate contrition when Bear Stearns stepped out of line in the view of the SEC . 	 expressed 	 44 	 you 	 ARG0 	 [39, 40] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is speaker of expressed ? 	 yes 	 statement
521 	 He gets a second chest X-ray , discovers that he does n't have lung cancer , recognizes that by virtue of the kinds of things that he is writing , his openness to Western literary ideas , that he is in political trouble again , and so he sets out on an extraordinary odyssey of some 15,000 kilometers , mostly on foot , which he takes through southwestern China . 	 writing 	 29 	 things 	 ARG1 	 [24, 25] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing written of writing ? 	 yes 	 the kinds of things
531 	 Some days when I 'm feeling bad , I say I ca n't do this anymore , and then you wake up and see the crew , and then , you know , you snap out of it . 	 snap 	 35 	 of it 	 ARG2 	 [36, 38] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is destination of snap ? 	 yes 	 out of it
549 	 He was right about that , but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen - years war where the United States could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we 're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in `91 when it could have been finished . 	 criticized 	 28 	 the United States 	 ARG1 	 [22, 25] 	 right 	 None 	 what is entity being criticized of criticized ? 	 yes 	 doing too little and acting too slowly
554 	 Just one last thing quoting him and I wonder if you could respond to this , Christopher , he said at the very beginning of his wonderful speech to the Nobel Prize Committee , he said , `` I do not wish to waste this talk on literature by saying too much about politics and history , What I want to do is to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual . '' 	 speech 	 28 	 his 	 ARG0 	 [25, 26] 	 right 	 None 	 what is the subject or the initiator of speech ? 	 yes 	 he
557 	 Luster skipped bail during his trial in January for raping and drugging three women . 	 trial 	 6 	 for raping and drugging three women 	 ARG3 	 [8, 14] 	 right 	 None 	 what is starting point of trial ? 	 yes 	 in January
559 	 I want everybody who tried to vote who legally voted to have their vote count , including service people . 	 count 	 15 	 their 	 ARG0 	 [12, 13] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is agent, entity causing some grouping of count ? 	 yes 	 everybody who tried to vote who legally voted
560 	 Will it put Al Gore over the top in the race to match and exceed the votes of George W. Bush ? 	 votes 	 17 	 of George W. Bush 	 ARG0 	 [17, 21] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is candidate or ballot issue of votes ? 	 yes 	 George W. Bush
566 	 Kids are spending $ 50 to $ 70 , you know , a pop on these games . 	 spending 	 3 	 a pop on these games 	 ARG1 	 [12, 17] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is thing bought, commodity of spending ? 	 yes 	 these games
593 	 Thanks for being with us . 	 Thanks 	 1 	 for being with us 	 ARG2 	 [1, 5] 	 right 	 None 	 what is for what? of Thanks ? 	 yes 	 being with us
595 	 The book is filled with marvelous descriptions of the gorges through which he walks , the mountains that he climbs , indeed the book is called Soul Mountain , the mountain on which he hopes in some way or another to get in touch with his soul , his individual soul , as opposed to that mass kind of soul being enforced upon him by the Communist Chinese authorities , the social realism that the cadres would have him write in . 	 get 	 42 	 he 	 ARG1 	 [33, 34] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing of get ? 	 yes 	 his soul
598 	 Well , the work that we have so far in English translation suggests that , and indeed this novel , which is a celebration as well of the self of the individual , goes so far as to even divide up to the self . 	 suggests 	 13 	 that 	 ARG1 	 [13, 14] 	 right 	 None 	 what is Utterance (suggestion) of suggests ? 	 yes 	 that , and indeed this novel , which is a celebration as well of the self of the individual , goes so far as to even divide up to the self
603 	 Your journey , particularly to southern Iraq , what is evoked there a sense of both that you evoke is a sense of history of this regime . 	 evoked 	 11 	 what 	 ARG1 	 [8, 9] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing evoked of evoked ? 	 yes 	 a sense of history of this regime
604 	 President Clinton is going prime time tonight to bid farewell to Americans in a televised address . 	 going 	 4 	 President Clinton 	 ARG0 	 [0, 2] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is object of going ? 	 yes 	 prime time tonight
617 	 While both the Pentagon and the Justice Department today dispatched teams of experts to Yemen to investigate the explosion , Secretary of State Madeleine Albright urged caution saying it was too early to jump to any conclusions . 	 dispatched 	 10 	 to Yemen 	 ARG4 	 [13, 15] 	 label_error 	 ARG2 	 what is dispatched to of dispatched ? 	 yes 	 teams of experts
624 	 It is difficult to say , Arab 's summit have traditionally been exercises in division . 	 exercises 	 13 	 in division 	 ARG2 	 [13, 15] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is thing used, thing exercised of exercises ? 	 yes 	 division
630 	 Today investigators say the pilot had confirmed with the control tower moments before taking off he had turned onto the correct runway but pilots behind him say he turned onto the wrong runway . 	 confirmed 	 7 	 with the control tower 	 ARG2 	 [7, 11] 	 right 	 None 	 what is benefactive, hearer of confirmed ? 	 yes 	 the control tower
631 	 Other POWs from Iraq after they were captured and released , that dramatic release that Sunday morning when they were picked up by a squadron of Marines who had wandered in a town in Baghdad and were told where they were being kept . 	 told 	 38 	 a squadron of Marines 	 ARG2 	 [23, 27] 	 right 	 None 	 what is Hearer of told ? 	 yes 	 they
632 	 I think the real next step here is for compensation committees to spend a little more time than they do on what they 're really compensating for . 	 spend 	 13 	 a little more time than they do 	 ARG1 	 [13, 20] 	 right 	 None 	 what is unit of time of spend ? 	 yes 	 time
639 	 As we said , earlier this week , Christine Todd Whitman stepped down and now a whole lot of analysis is taking place as to why she stepped down , the job she 's done when she was in office and the job that has yet to be complete . 	 stepped 	 28 	 she 	 ARG1 	 [26, 27] 	 label_error 	 ARG0 	 what is the subject or the initiator of stepped ? 	 yes 	 Christine Todd Whitman
651 	 And some people are surprised and I might even add pleased in this city that your SEC has been quick to react when Phil Purcell of Morgan Stanley made a statement that your SEC did n't think and that you did n't think expressed appropriate contrition when Bear Stearns stepped out of line in the view of the SEC . 	 statement 	 31 	 your SEC 	 ARG0 	 [15, 17] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is the subject or the initiator of statement ? 	 yes 	 Phil Purcell of Morgan Stanley
654 	 He was right about that , but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen - years war where the United States could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we 're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in `91 when it could have been finished . 	 arguing 	 41 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [48, 49] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is second arguer of arguing ? 	 yes 	 to do with those **that** should have been finished in `91 when it could have been finished
663 	 The reason they are picking that particular day is it allows , Brian , enough time for the aggrieved party , the losing party to file within 10 days a contest of the certification and that still allows enough time for the contest to be litigated through the courts primarily the circuit court and back to the Supreme Court if necessary and still meet the December 12 deadline for the Electoral College vote here . 	 allows 	 38 	 that 	 ARG0 	 [35, 36] 	 right 	 None 	 what is allocator of allows ? 	 yes 	 it
666 	 We have a major development to report tonight involving the crash of that Singapore Airlines 747 in Taiwan this week . 	 involving 	 9 	 a major development 	 ARG2 	 [2, 5] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is group of involving ? 	 yes 	 the crash of that Singapore Airlines 747 in Taiwan this week
668 	 On the other hand we have Egypt which was the first Arab country to make peace with the Jewish state , which is of course also a top recipient of US aid . 	 is 	 23 	 which 	 R-ARG1 	 [21, 22] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of is ? 	 yes 	 Egypt
669 	 The federal government will not appeal the court ruling that cleared the way for same - sex unions . 	 cleared 	 11 	 for same - sex unions 	 ARG3 	 [13, 18] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is starting point of cleared ? 	 yes 	 the court ruling
671 	 He told lawmakers it would not trigger a U.S. retreat from the Persian Gulf , even though troops remain at risk to terrorism . 	 retreat 	 10 	 from the Persian Gulf 	 ARGM-DIR 	 [10, 14] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is retreater, entity actually moving back of retreat ? 	 yes 	 U.S.
672 	 As Dave Gavlak reports , the US Cole was towed out of the Aden Harbor to a waiting Norwegian transport ship , that will actually carry the damaged destroyer home . 	 towed 	 10 	 to a waiting Norwegian transport ship , that will actually carry the damaged destroyer home 	 ARGM-DIR 	 [15, 30] 	 label_error 	 ARG2 	 what is DIR, GOL or attribute of arg1 of towed ? 	 yes 	 out of the Aden Harbor, to a waiting Norwegian transport ship
677 	 On the other hand we have Egypt which was the first Arab country to make peace with the Jewish state , which is of course also a top recipient of US aid . 	 was 	 9 	 which 	 R-ARG1 	 [7, 8] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of was ? 	 yes 	 Egypt
679 	 I hope this kind of thing can happen in America , instead of it just being these isolated festivals like Bonnaroo , it really can happen in 100 cities every summer , like the festivals do in Europe . 	 being 	 16 	 it 	 ARG1 	 [13, 14] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of being ? 	 yes 	 these isolated festivals like Bonnaroo
685 	 When you find one where no one has been there , you are the first person , the adrenaline is phenomenal . 	 find 	 3 	 one 	 ARG1 	 [3, 4] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is thing found of find ? 	 yes 	 one where no one has been there
691 	 He was right about that , but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen - years war where the United States could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we 're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in `91 when it could have been finished . 	 arguing 	 41 	 all 	 ARG1 	 [37, 38] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is second arguer of arguing ? 	 yes 	 those that should have been finished in `91 when it could have been finished
698 	 Constitutionally barred from serving a third term as Serbian President , he clung to power by having the federal parliament elect him President of Yugoslavia . 	 clung 	 13 	 Constitutionally barred from serving a third term as Serbian President 	 R-ARG0 	 [0, 10] 	 right 	 None 	 what is clingy thing of clung ? 	 yes 	 power
712 	 It very well could , although , I must say that the Gore campaign has been somewhat disappointed by the number of votes they have not received thus far in the counties that are undertaking the manual recounts , Brian , but a lot of hand counts still must be tallied . 	 received 	 27 	 the counties 	 ARG0 	 [30, 32] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is receiver of received ? 	 yes 	 the Gore campaign
714 	 And he was very categorical that it was too weak and did not harm Israeli interests sufficiently . 	 was 	 3 	 that it was too weak and did not harm Israeli interests sufficiently 	 ARG1 	 [5, 17] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is topic of was ? 	 yes 	 he
720 	 You have also expressed concern about excessive executive compensation , particularly CEO compensation . 	 compensation 	 13 	 CEO 	 ARG0 	 [11, 12] 	 label_error 	 ARG2 	 what is instrument or benefactive or attribute of compensation ? 	 yes 	 executive
721 	 Mr. Arafat made no comment after Tuesday 's first round of White House talks moving quickly past journalists to a waiting limousine . 	 moving 	 15 	 to a waiting limousine 	 ARG2 	 [18, 22] 	 right 	 None 	 what is destination of moving ? 	 yes 	 a waiting limousine
729 	 Republican leaders for their part said reopening the tax debate is not now realistic and the tax cut bill is probably tombed . 	 is 	 11 	 realistic 	 ARG2 	 [13, 14] 	 right 	 None 	 what is comment of is ? 	 yes 	 not now realistic
733 	 They say the plane took off , clicking the construction equipment , slamming into the ground and then breaking up . 	 slamming 	 13 	 into the ground 	 ARGM-DIR 	 [13, 16] 	 label_error 	 ARG2 	 what is instrument, thing hit by or with of slamming ? 	 yes 	 the ground
736 	 The report was issued in advance of a UN - sponsored conference on new and restored democracies that will be held in the African nation of Benin in early December . 	 sponsored 	 11 	 democracies 	 ARG1 	 [16, 17] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is thing sponsored of sponsored ? 	 yes 	 conference
738 	 We do have to try to reduce the violee and take a turn back for a period of calmness so that we can move back to a peace process , but even if the violence subsides , Israelis and Palestinians will still have to deal with an open wound -- a scar so long and so deep from these last two weeks , it may be years before there is a real effort at talking peace again . 	 move 	 24 	 to a peace process 	 ARG2 	 [25, 29] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is destination of move ? 	 yes 	 a peace process
740 	 Egypt called the emergency summit to declare support for the Palestinians in the wake of three weeks of violence that has left at least 106 people dead , almost all of them Palestinian . 	 declare 	 7 	 the emergency summit 	 ARG0 	 [2, 5] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is the subject or the initiator of declare ? 	 yes 	 Egypt
745 	 He said exactly what the Indians wanted to hear , which is that the dispute over Kashmir between India and Pakistan should be solved bilaterally and that there should be no outside interference , as he put it in this question . 	 is 	 12 	 which 	 R-ARG1 	 [10, 11] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of is ? 	 yes 	 that the dispute over Kashmir between India and Pakistan should be solved bilaterally and that there should be no outside interference
754 	 California 's utility companies are not able to generate all the power their customers need , so they have turned to outside suppliers and in the face of rising prices the state 's two largest utility firms have sunk more than eight billion dollars in debt . 	 sunk 	 39 	 in debt 	 ARG2 	 [44, 46] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is EXT of sunk ? 	 yes 	 the state's two largest utility firms
763 	 That craft that approached the Cole is a rubber boat , not a big craft , but they would have had to pack it fully with explosives to do the amount of damage that they did to the Cole and that certainly would have taken time to get that put together . 	 pack 	 23 	 with explosives 	 ARG2 	 [25, 27] 	 right 	 None 	 what is cargo of pack ? 	 yes 	 explosives
766 	 As we heard from David Gregory , one of Governor Bush 's main themes in these last days of the campaign is getting rid of partisan gridlock in Washington , which was exactly what the President was talking about today -- an attempt to reopen debate on a $ 240 billion tax cut plan , saying the version House Republicans passed is unacceptable , because it is unfair , according to the President , to children and seniors . 	 is 	 67 	 to children and seniors 	 C-ARG1 	 [74, 78] 	 label_error 	 C-ARG2 	 what is comment of is ? 	 yes 	 unfair
774 	 Today investigators say the pilot had confirmed with the control tower moments before taking off he had turned onto the correct runway but pilots behind him say he turned onto the wrong runway . 	 turned 	 18 	 he 	 ARG1 	 [15, 16] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing turning of turned ? 	 yes 	 the correct runway
779 	 The knowledge that our lights are the first to light it up , our footprints were the first , our eyes were first to see it . 	 see 	 25 	 first 	 ARGM-TMP 	 [22, 23] 	 label_error 	 ARG0 	 what is viewer of see ? 	 yes 	 our eyes
787 	 And if this attack turns out to be the work of terrorists , Hoffman says it would signal a dangerous new trend . 	 turns 	 5 	 to be the work of terrorists 	 C-ARG1 	 [6, 12] 	 label_error 	 ARG2 	 what is instrument or benefactive or attribute of turns ? 	 yes 	 the work of terrorists
789 	 We are usually not sufficiently clear , we meaning the Secretariat , in explaining that sovereignty and final analysis belongs to the people and sovereignty should be seen in a democratic context . 	 are 	 2 	 not sufficiently clear 	 ARG2 	 [3, 6] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is comment of are ? 	 yes 	 usually not sufficiently clear
812 	 Constitutionally barred from serving a third term as Serbian President , he clung to power by having the federal parliament elect him President of Yugoslavia . 	 barred 	 2 	 he 	 ARG1 	 [11, 12] 	 right 	 None 	 what is action or object being prevented of barred ? 	 yes 	 serving a third term as Serbian President
814 	 I want everybody who tried to vote who legally voted to have their vote count , including service people . 	 tried 	 5 	 who 	 R-ARG0 	 [7, 8] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is Agent/Entity Trying of tried ? 	 yes 	 everybody
823 	 He was sentenced to 17 months in prison and fined 100,000 dollars after pleading guilty to mail fraud . 	 fined 	 10 	 He 	 ARG2 	 [0, 1] 	 right 	 None 	 what is fined, giver of money of fined ? 	 yes 	 100,000 dollars
830 	 We have already seen problems from Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi on Tuesday who appeared on Al - Jazeera , the pan-Arab satellite channel , and , rubbish , what he said was a draft statement for the end of the summit on Sunday . 	 said 	 31 	 what 	 ARG1 	 [28, 29] 	 right 	 None 	 what is Utterance of said ? 	 yes 	 a draft statement for the end of the summit on Sunday
836 	 We 'll tell you what the FTC is doing to crack down on internet auction fraud . 	 auction 	 15 	 on internet auction fraud 	 ARG1 	 [12, 16] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of auction ? 	 yes 	 internet auction fraud
839 	 We are usually not sufficiently clear , we meaning the Secretariat , in explaining that sovereignty and final analysis belongs to the people and sovereignty should be seen in a democratic context . 	 are 	 2 	 we meaning the Secretariat 	 ARG1 	 [7, 11] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is topic of are ? 	 yes 	 We
846 	 One only has to recall the bombing of the US Marine barracks in Lebanon in 1983 , also a month before presidential election , also at a time when Israel was involving suitable ferment at that point in Lebanon now with the Palestinians , where the United States was also attempting actively to provide some stabilizing influence and unfortunately and tragically got caught up in the maelstrom and that seems to be the salient fact of this attack . 	 stabilizing 	 56 	 influence 	 ARG0 	 [56, 57] 	 right 	 None 	 what is cause of stability, agent of stabilizing ? 	 yes 	 the United States
857 	 In fact , we 're hearing that those deals have now been finalized , that Russia will sell India 300 tanks , T - 90 tanks , very advanced tanks , that Russia will also sell to India some Sukoi - 30 bombers , fighter - bombers . 	 sell 	 36 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [31, 32] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is Thing Sold of sell ? 	 yes 	 300 tanks , T - 90 tanks , very advanced tanks
860 	 Maybe before the weapon and then later he said , Oh , I should have got the nuclear weapon before I invaded . 	 got 	 16 	 I 	 ARG0 	 [12, 13] 	 right 	 None 	 what is receiver of got ? 	 yes 	 the nuclear weapon
863 	 The right of the people to cast their vote , the court said , is paramount . 	 vote 	 9 	 their 	 ARG0 	 [7, 8] 	 right 	 None 	 what is voter of vote ? 	 yes 	 the people
864 	 No threats are specified but the US embassy in Rome was closed Friday for what officials called security reasons . 	 called 	 17 	 what 	 ARG1 	 [14, 15] 	 right 	 None 	 what is item being labelled of called ? 	 yes 	 security reasons
866 	 I want everybody who tried to vote who legally voted to have their vote count , including service people . 	 have 	 12 	 who 	 ARG0 	 [7, 8] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is causer of have ? 	 yes 	 everybody who tried to vote who legally voted
873 	 I think a number of the reforms that have come via the Sarbanes - Oxley Act and a number of things that we have done at the SEC are basically making everybody take a new look at how they 're performing their duty as a director , how they 're performing their duties on audit committees and compensation committees and in Wall Street . 	 take 	 33 	 they 	 ARG0 	 [38, 39] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is Taker of take ? 	 yes 	 everybody
893 	 He is best known among his neighbors in Paris as a painter . 	 is 	 2 	 He 	 ARG1 	 [0, 1] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of is ? 	 yes 	 best known among his neighbors in Paris as a painter
913 	 President Clinton and Prime Minister Hasina agreed that it is essential for the US and Bangladesh to coordinate positions on major issues , that come before the United Nations and other international bodies . 	 come 	 25 	 before the United Nations and other international bodies 	 ARGM-LOC 	 [25, 33] 	 label_error 	 ARG4 	 what is end point of come ? 	 yes 	 the United Nations and other international bodies
915 	 So , I think terrorists prevented from attacking their targets using their more conventional means ` truck bombs ' have merely adjusted their tactics slightly and obviously they have been successful with it today . 	 adjusted 	 22 	 terrorists 	 ARG0 	 [4, 5] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is causer of transformation of adjusted ? 	 yes 	 terrorists prevented from attacking their targets using their more conventional means ` truck bombs '
917 	 Among other things , the US has worked with Bangladesh to establish the Tropical Forest Conservation Fund , the first of its kind in the world . 	 worked 	 8 	 with Bangladesh 	 ARG3 	 [8, 10] 	 right 	 None 	 what is coworker of worked ? 	 yes 	 Bangladesh
920 	 Recapping the developments of this disturbing day in the Middle East and the Arabian Peninsula -- at least six American sailors are dead , 11 still missing and 35 injured after what intelligence experts say was a well - planned terrorist bombing that ripped a 20 x 40 - foot hole in the Navy destroyer `` USS Cole '' in the Yemeni port of Aden . 	 say 	 35 	 what 	 ARG1 	 [31, 32] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is Utterance of say ? 	 yes 	 was a well - planned terrorist bombing that ripped a 20 x 40 - foot hole in the Navy destroyer `` USS Cole '' in the Yemeni port of Aden
923 	 It hurts to think of how many wonderful people in Iraq at the academic community , lawyers , human rights activists , civilians , intellectuals , people -- would now be alive , who have been horribly murdered and tortured and reduced to misery since by a half application of violence through sanctions and overflights . 	 reduced 	 42 	 who 	 R-ARG1 	 [33, 34] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is Logical subject, patient, thing falling of reduced ? 	 yes 	 Logical subject: a half application of violence through sanctions and overflights; patient: wonderful people in Iraq at the academic community , lawyers , human rights activists , civilians , intellectuals , people; thing falling: misery
926 	 This is what the 747 slammed into Tuesday night in a blinding rain storm . 	 slammed 	 6 	 what 	 R-ARG1 	 [2, 3] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is thing hit of slammed ? 	 yes 	 This
941 	 We begin tonight with a couple of urgent questions for the government . 	 questions 	 9 	 for the government 	 ARG2 	 [9, 12] 	 right 	 None 	 what is entity asked, hearer of questions ? 	 yes 	 the government
947 	 It 's very important to recognize that programs that we had said existed do exist . 	 existed 	 13 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [8, 9] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is thing existing of existed ? 	 yes 	 programs
952 	 That 's interesting because leading into it , while she was New Jersey governor , she sued the EPA and she was very much considering herself to be an environmentalist , and then only to end up becoming the head of the EPA and then of course , there was a lot of criticism over relaxed regulations . 	 be 	 28 	 herself 	 ARG1 	 [25, 26] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of be ? 	 yes 	 an environmentalist
971 	 As Dave Gavlak reports , the US Cole was towed out of the Aden Harbor to a waiting Norwegian transport ship , that will actually carry the damaged destroyer home . 	 carry 	 26 	 that 	 R-ARG0 	 [22, 23] 	 right 	 None 	 what is carrier of carry ? 	 yes 	 a waiting Norwegian transport ship
973 	 We have a vibrant and exciting relationship from which we both derive mass benefit . 	 derive 	 12 	 from which 	 R-ARG2 	 [7, 9] 	 label_error 	 ARG2 	 what is source of derive ? 	 yes 	 a vibrant and exciting relationship
979 	 The US Navy destroyer damaged apparently by a terrorist bomb while refueling at the Red Sea port , Aden has begun its journey back to the States for repair . 	 damaged 	 5 	 by a terrorist bomb 	 ARG0 	 [6, 10] 	 right 	 None 	 what is agent, causer of damaged ? 	 yes 	 a terrorist bomb
980 	 She and her daughter Jordan often shuffle through these pictures of him taken before he left . 	 shuffle 	 7 	 through these pictures of him taken before he left 	 ARG1 	 [7, 16] 	 right 	 None 	 what is entity in motion of shuffle ? 	 yes 	 these pictures of him taken before he left
983 	 Today Gao , who now lives in France , gave the traditional Nobel lecture as part of the festivities leading up to Sunday 's ceremony , and on the same day he collects the prize . 	 lives 	 6 	 who 	 R-ARG0 	 [3, 4] 	 right 	 None 	 what is alive entity of lives ? 	 yes 	 Gao
987 	 The Scotts ran it past their vet and the vet assured them , as long as the hen left her crate to do business , she was no harm to the pup . 	 assured 	 11 	 as long as the hen left her crate to do business , she was no harm to the pup 	 ARG1 	 [13, 32] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is assured one of assured ? 	 yes 	 as long as the hen left her crate to do business, she was no harm to the pup
1001 	 And the Dixie Chicks open their U.S. tour tomorrow night in Greenville , South Carolina . 	 tour 	 8 	 U.S. 	 ARG1 	 [6, 7] 	 right 	 None 	 what is location toured of tour ? 	 yes 	 Greenville, South Carolina
1015 	 These arms agreements that we were just speaking about have taken quite some time to finalize . 	 speaking 	 8 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [3, 4] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is subject of speaking ? 	 yes 	 we
1017 	 I think the real next step here is for compensation committees to spend a little more time than they do on what they 're really compensating for . 	 compensating 	 26 	 they 	 ARG0 	 [22, 23] 	 right 	 None 	 what is payer or buyer of compensating ? 	 yes 	 compensation committees
1020 	 Tonight , some of those families made it clear their battle is not over to get to the truth and however difficult , punish the real authors of this crime . 	 is 	 12 	 to get to the truth and however difficult , punish the real authors of this crime 	 ARGM-PRP 	 [14, 30] 	 label_error 	 C-ARG1 	 what is topic of is ? 	 yes 	 their battle
1034 	 The Bangladesh government also deserves credit for making significant progress toward eliminating child labor in the garment industry . 	 progress 	 10 	 The Bangladesh government 	 ARG1 	 [0, 3] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is thing moving of progress ? 	 yes 	 eliminating child labor in the garment industry
1038 	 The crisis began three years ago when California imposed a price freeze on its private utility firms to protect consumers while the state deregulates its energy sector , but the lifting of market controls led to wild price fluctuations on the wholesale market . 	 imposed 	 9 	 on its private utility firms 	 ARG2 	 [12, 17] 	 right 	 None 	 what is imposed on of imposed ? 	 yes 	 its private utility firms
1050 	 Last week federal regulators imposed a so - called soft cap on California , which requires power firms to justify prices above 150 dollars per megawatt hour . 	 imposed 	 5 	 on California 	 ARG2 	 [11, 13] 	 right 	 None 	 what is imposed on of imposed ? 	 yes 	 California
1052 	 AAA estimates 61 million Americans will be heading somewhere between this weekend and New Year 's . 	 estimates 	 2 	 61 million Americans will be heading somewhere between this weekend and New Year 's 	 ARG1 	 [2, 16] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing estimated of estimates ? 	 yes 	 61 million Americans will be heading somewhere between this weekend and New Year's
1058 	 He was sober , he was rich and surrounded by a family who loved him but once again , Ozzy 's high would hit a low . 	 surrounded 	 9 	 he 	 ARG2 	 [4, 5] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing surrounded of surrounded ? 	 yes 	 a family who loved him
1060 	 David Williams , one of the POWs whose face we got to know in the coverage that we saw coming from Iraq . 	 know 	 13 	 whose face 	 ARG1 	 [7, 9] 	 right 	 None 	 what is fact that is known of know ? 	 yes 	 face
1062 	 They know the utility recently declared a dividend for its stockholders , but Edison 's Tom Higgins says the firm can not continue to pay high prices for electricity while keeping prices low for its customers . 	 declared 	 6 	 for its stockholders 	 ARG3 	 [8, 11] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is starting point of declared ? 	 yes 	 the utility
1076 	 The Bangladesh government also deserves credit for making significant progress toward eliminating child labor in the garment industry . 	 credit 	 6 	 toward eliminating child labor in the garment industry 	 ARG4 	 [10, 18] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is ending point of credit ? 	 yes 	 eliminating child labor in the garment industry
1084 	 The Scotts ran it past their vet and the vet assured them , as long as the hen left her crate to do business , she was no harm to the pup . 	 harm 	 29 	 to the pup 	 ARG1 	 [29, 32] 	 right 	 None 	 what is entity damaged of harm ? 	 yes 	 the pup
1089 	 This is another thing that the Indians were glad to hear him say , and he also said that both India and Russia suffer from the same sort of terrorism , as he put it , referring of course to the separatist militancies in Chechnya and Russia and in Jammu and Kashmir . 	 say 	 13 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [4, 5] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is Utterance of say ? 	 yes 	 This is another thing
1090 	 But in Washington , Pentagon officials went further saying that they had every reason to suspect that the blast was caused by terrorists . 	 went 	 7 	 saying that they had every reason to suspect that the blast was caused by terrorists 	 ARGM-ADV 	 [8, 23] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is project of went ? 	 yes 	 further saying that they had every reason to suspect that the blast was caused by terrorists
1099 	 You know , this decision by the Gore campaign , a refusal to concede even if they do not prevail in the manual recounts under way certainly carries some political risk , but the Gore team tonight defends the decision , saying that fellow Democrats and the public would not only accept but demand what they call a fair and accurate recount in all the relevant counties . 	 accept 	 52 	 what 	 ARG1 	 [54, 55] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is thing accepted of accept ? 	 yes 	 what they call a fair and accurate recount in all the relevant counties
1110 	 When the mom comes in , the puppies know exactly where to go for milk -- sort of a little confusion . 	 go 	 13 	 where 	 ARG4 	 [10, 11] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is end point of go ? 	 yes 	 for milk
1122 	 Sharon is dealing with the diagnosis and illness but what 's interesting is humor is the same . 	 is 	 15 	 interesting 	 ARG2 	 [11, 12] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is comment of is ? 	 yes 	 the same
1132 	 He had survived , if you will , a death sentence , and now in that new freedom of the life in front of him , he takes to the road in the tradition of old Chinese poets and records what he sees , what he hears , the stories that he is told . 	 sees 	 43 	 what 	 ARG1 	 [40, 41] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing viewed of sees ? 	 yes 	 what he sees
1144 	 UN Secretary General Kofi Annan who is leading mediation efforts in the Middle East urged Palestinians and Israelis , Thursday to show restraint . 	 urged 	 15 	 UN Secretary General Kofi Annan who is leading mediation efforts in the Middle East 	 ARG0 	 [0, 14] 	 right 	 None 	 what is urger of urged ? 	 yes 	 UN Secretary General Kofi Annan
1145 	 Just one last thing quoting him and I wonder if you could respond to this , Christopher , he said at the very beginning of his wonderful speech to the Nobel Prize Committee , he said , `` I do not wish to waste this talk on literature by saying too much about politics and history , What I want to do is to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual . '' 	 quoting 	 5 	 him 	 ARG1 	 [5, 6] 	 right 	 None 	 what is the quote itself of quoting ? 	 yes 	 I do not wish to waste this talk on literature by saying too much about politics and history , What I want to do is to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual .
1155 	 We 're normal people , and that 's what Pelswick was , he was just a normal kid . 	 was 	 11 	 what 	 ARG2 	 [8, 9] 	 right 	 None 	 what is comment of was ? 	 yes 	 just a normal kid
1163 	 When American saxophonist David Murray recorded his acclaimed afrocentric jazz album , Fo Juke Review in Dakar , he recruited Amidu Berry and DJ Awadi from PBS to show what an edge West African music can really have . 	 have 	 38 	 what 	 ARG1 	 [29, 30] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is possession of have ? 	 yes 	 an edge
1184 	 And those dreams were a little closer to coming true this day , and with shows like `` Pelswick , '' they say -- well , when they get a little older , maybe people wo n't even look down first . 	 say 	 23 	 with shows like `` Pelswick 	 ARG1 	 [14, 19] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is Utterance of say ? 	 yes 	 well , when they get a little older , maybe people wo n't even look down first
1191 	 What I was referring to in that quote you had was the number of cases we see day in and day out at the lowest levels , scams and so forth , where considerable amounts of money are being made and lost by relatively small investors . 	 referring 	 4 	 What 	 ARG1 	 [0, 1] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is labelled of referring ? 	 yes 	 the number of cases we see day in and day out at the lowest levels , scams and so forth , where considerable amounts of money are being made and lost by relatively small investors
1193 	 Arafat deliberately launched it in order to attract the attention of the world by paying with the blood of his own people . 	 paying 	 15 	 with the blood of his own people 	 ARGM-MNR 	 [15, 22] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is money or attention of paying ? 	 yes 	 the blood of his own people
1197 	 We 're all getting , this news in from the speech that the Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge is expected to be delivering at the international press club around 1:00 Eastern at the top of the hour . 	 delivering 	 23 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [11, 12] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is sent of delivering ? 	 yes 	 the speech
1202 	 One only has to recall the bombing of the US Marine barracks in Lebanon in 1983 , also a month before presidential election , also at a time when Israel was involving suitable ferment at that point in Lebanon now with the Palestinians , where the United States was also attempting actively to provide some stabilizing influence and unfortunately and tragically got caught up in the maelstrom and that seems to be the salient fact of this attack . 	 attempting 	 51 	 Israel 	 ARG0 	 [29, 30] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is Agent/Entity Trying of attempting ? 	 yes 	 the United States
1205 	 These arms agreements that we were just speaking about have taken quite some time to finalize . 	 speaking 	 8 	 These arms agreements 	 ARG1 	 [0, 3] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is subject of speaking ? 	 yes 	 we
1206 	 Jim Swire , whose daughter died in the 1988 crash , collapses . 	 died 	 6 	 Jim Swire 	 R-ARG1 	 [0, 2] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is the deceased of died ? 	 yes 	 daughter
1207 	 And you see Apache helicopter pilot and his wife Michelle who was talking with us on the telephone the Sunday morning when the video came in of the rescue of the POWs and , she identified her husband and life just got better and better for her after that . 	 came 	 25 	 of the rescue of the POWs 	 C-ARG1 	 [26, 32] 	 right 	 None 	 what is entity in motion / 'comer' of came ? 	 yes 	 the video
1215 	 Last week federal regulators imposed a so - called soft cap on California , which requires power firms to justify prices above 150 dollars per megawatt hour . 	 cap 	 11 	 on California 	 ARG1 	 [11, 13] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is thing topped of cap ? 	 yes 	 California
1220 	 Some days when I 'm feeling bad , I say I ca n't do this anymore , and then you wake up and see the crew , and then , you know , you snap out of it . 	 snap 	 35 	 you 	 ARG1 	 [33, 34] 	 right 	 None 	 what is thing in motion of snap ? 	 yes 	 it
1224 	 Jim Swire , whose daughter died in the 1988 crash , collapses . 	 died 	 6 	 whose daughter 	 ARG1 	 [3, 5] 	 right 	 None 	 what is the deceased of died ? 	 yes 	 daughter
1225 	 Carla Ponte is expected to meet today with Milosevic 's successor , Vojislav Kostunica , a critic of the War Crimes Tribunal at The Hague . 	 meet 	 6 	 Carla Ponte 	 ARG0 	 [0, 2] 	 right 	 None 	 what is one party of meet ? 	 yes 	 Milosevic 's successor , Vojislav Kostunica
1227 	 This is what the 747 slammed into Tuesday night in a blinding rain storm . 	 slammed 	 6 	 the 747 	 ARG0 	 [3, 5] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is thing hit of slammed ? 	 yes 	 Tuesday night
1236 	 Aristide was elected President for the first time ten years ago and served just months before a military coup sent him into exile in the United States . 	 elected 	 3 	 Aristide 	 ARG1 	 [0, 1] 	 right 	 None 	 what is candidate of elected ? 	 yes 	 President
1237 	 It was very stern , very direct and it left no question , I think , in the minds of anybody that this court unanimously believes that certification should include the manual recount , and that is a clear victory for Vice President Al Gore . 	 left 	 10 	 that this court unanimously believes that certification should include the manual recount , and that is a clear victory for Vice President Al Gore 	 C-ARG1 	 [21, 45] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of left ? 	 yes 	 no question
1245 	 The knowledge that our lights are the first to light it up , our footprints were the first , our eyes were first to see it . 	 light 	 10 	 the first 	 ARG0 	 [6, 8] 	 right 	 None 	 what is the subject or the initiator of light ? 	 yes 	 our lights
1252 	 An occasion that marked the formal establishment between our two countries . 	 establishment 	 7 	 between our two countries 	 ARG0 	 [7, 11] 	 right 	 None 	 what is the subject or the initiator of establishment ? 	 yes 	 our two countries
1260 	 The US Navy destroyer damaged apparently by a terrorist bomb while refueling at the Red Sea port , Aden has begun its journey back to the States for repair . 	 refueling 	 12 	 The US Navy destroyer 	 ARG0 	 [0, 4] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is provider of fuel, agent of refueling ? 	 yes 	 The US Navy destroyer; the Red Sea port, Aden
1262 	 Most of the Kursk 's crew apparently died instantly in the explosions that tore open the Kursk 's first six compartments or within minutes as water roared into the submarine . 	 tore 	 14 	 open 	 ARG2 	 [14, 15] 	 label_error 	 R-ARG1 	 what is thing torn of tore ? 	 yes 	 the Kursk 's first six compartments
1263 	 Nonetheless , the fact that she did meet with Bashar Al - Assad and it was n't Saudi Arabia which is traditionally being more dovish and has supported US policy , it is significant . 	 being 	 23 	 which 	 R-ARG1 	 [19, 20] 	 right 	 None 	 what is topic of being ? 	 yes 	 Saudi Arabia
1268 	 We 're all getting , this news in from the speech that the Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge is expected to be delivering at the international press club around 1:00 Eastern at the top of the hour . 	 getting 	 4 	 this news in from the speech that the Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge is expected to be delivering at the international press club around 1:00 Eastern at the top of the hour 	 ARG1 	 [5, 37] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is thing gotten of getting ? 	 yes 	 this news
1277 	 Yemeni authorities claimed they have detained over 70 people for questioning . 	 detained 	 6 	 for questioning 	 ARGM-PNC 	 [9, 11] 	 label_error 	 ARG2 	 what is detained for what? of detained ? 	 yes 	 over 70 people for questioning
1305 	 That 's what I really like about the jam community , its acceptance of improvizational music , despite whatever region or genre . 	 like 	 6 	 what 	 ARG1 	 [2, 3] 	 right 	 None 	 what is object of affection of like ? 	 yes 	 its acceptance of improvizational music , despite whatever region or genre
1307 	 He had survived , if you will , a death sentence , and now in that new freedom of the life in front of him , he takes to the road in the tradition of old Chinese poets and records what he sees , what he hears , the stories that he is told . 	 told 	 54 	 that 	 R-ARG1 	 [50, 51] 	 right 	 None 	 what is Utterance of told ? 	 yes 	 the stories
1314 	 We have also heard a different sign of Sir Paul McCartney playing to enthusiastic crowds in Red Square , and we , in turn , have been enthralled by the celebrations of your own city in Petersburg . 	 been 	 27 	 we 	 ARG1 	 [20, 21] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is patient or theme or content of been ? 	 yes 	 enthralled by the celebrations of your own city in Petersburg
1323 	 His brutal efforts to create a Serb - dominated Yugoslavia earned him the nickname `` Butcher of the Balkans . '' 	 dominated 	 9 	 a Serb - dominated Yugoslavia 	 ARG1 	 [5, 10] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is entity dominated of dominated ? 	 yes 	 Yugoslavia
1325 	 Military officials will not say whether damage to the runways is going to limit operation there , but they know there are underground bunkers there and some other areas that may be of use . 	 are 	 22 	 underground bunkers there 	 ARG1 	 [22, 25] 	 boundary_error 	 None 	 what is thing that is of are ? 	 yes 	 underground bunkers there and some other areas that may be of use
1330 	 Just one last thing quoting him and I wonder if you could respond to this , Christopher , he said at the very beginning of his wonderful speech to the Nobel Prize Committee , he said , `` I do not wish to waste this talk on literature by saying too much about politics and history , What I want to do is to use this opportunity to speak as one writer in the voice of an individual . '' 	 respond 	 13 	 his 	 ARG0 	 [25, 26] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is replier of respond ? 	 yes 	 Christopher
1332 	 I was never supportive of protocol because it did n't do what everyone needs to get done as far as climate change is concerned . 	 needs 	 14 	 what 	 ARG1 	 [11, 12] 	 redundant 	 None 	 what is thing needed of needs ? 	 yes 	 to get done as far as climate change is concerned
1336 	 We 're deadly serious about some of the actions we 've taken , and when we see people who do n't appear to be taking it too seriously , we 're going to get to them right away . 	 get 	 34 	 we 	 ARG0 	 [29, 30] 	 label_error 	 ARG1 	 what is thing gotten of get ? 	 yes 	 them
1337 	 When they made the decision not to move toward Bagdad with bad information , namely , the Republican Guard absolutely devastated . 	 devastated 	 21 	 the Republican Guard 	 ARG0 	 [16, 19] 	 right 	 None 	 what is destroyer of devastated ? 	 yes 	 **the Republican Guard**
